Title: Catalyst Alert_ Alphabet Just Made Broadcom's Stock a Must-Buy
Date: 2026-04-12 18:31
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/catalyst-alert-alphabet-just-made-broadcoms-stock/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Broadcom's growth prospects just got even bigger. Sometimes, news comes along that fundamentally changes how investors should view a stock moving forward. However, this news may not always be obvious. That was certainly the case whenBroadcom(AVGO+4.69%)revealed in a filing that it extended its agreement withAlphabet(GOOGL0.41%)(GOOG0.21%)to develop and supply future generations of Alphabet's Tensor Processing Units (TPUs). On the surface, this may not seem like a big deal, as Alphabet and Broadcom have partnered on TPUs for more than a decade. However, the agreement just removed one of the biggest bearish arguments against Broadcom's stock. Broadcom and Alphabet have long been tied at the hip with TPUs, and it's become one of the biggest growth drivers for both companies. While there seemed to be little reason to mess with this mutually beneficial partnership, there was growing concern that Alphabet would eventually look to ditch Broadcom. Image source: The Motley Fool. While Broadcom's intellectual property and chip expertise play a big role in the success of Alphabet's TPUs, the chips are ultimately designed to Alphabet's specifications, giving it considerable control. Investors have increasingly feared that Alphabet could bring more of the work in-house or shift to another, cheaper vendor. However, Broadcom's ASIC (application-specific integrated circuit) platform is comprehensive, making it sticky. This deal helps erase those concerns and comes at a critical time, when demand for TPUs is starting to skyrocket. In addition to their extended partnership, the two companies also announced that they were expanding their partnership with Anthropic, giving thelarge language model (LLM)maker access to 3.5 gigawatts of TPUs starting in 2027. The TPUs will be deployed both through Google Cloud and directly supplied by Broadcom. There does seem to be some flexibility in the agreement, with the announcement saying it is dependent on Anthropic's commercial success. Anthropic already has an order with Broadcom to deploy $21 billion worth of TPUs this year. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Broadcom previously projected that it would deliver $100 billion in custom AI chip revenue alone in fiscal 2027, and with this announcement, that number may be light. TPUs are a huge driver of this growth, and importantly, on its last earnings call, Broadcom said TPU sales will carrygross marginssimilar to the rest of its semiconductor business. Meanwhile, the company continues to gain new ASIC customers, including OpenAI, who are looking to not be completely beholden toNvidiaand its graphics processing units (GPUs). Broadcom is set to see explosive growth in the coming years, and the two biggest bear arguments -- lower margins and losing its TPU business -- just got debunked. That makes it one of the bestgrowth stocksto buy right now.     Before you buy stock inBroadcom, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andBroadcomwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Geoffrey Seilerhas positions in Alphabet and Broadcom. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 