Title: Google's AI Ad Machine Rewrites Search Rules As Brands See Up To 80% Revenue Boost_ 'Not Some Zero-S
Date: 2026-04-12 16:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/googles-ai-ad-machine-rewrites-163135806.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) The ad industry spent years debating whether AI would hollow outGoogle‘s business. Instead, Google handed advertisers an AI toolkit and turned it into an opportunity. The company’s latest numbers tell the story plainly: ad revenue of $82.28 billion in Q4 2025, up 13.5% year over year, with total annual revenue crossing $400 billion for the first time. At the heart of this push is a suite of AI-powered ad tools like AI Max and Performance Max that Google claims are delivering extraordinary results for brands. Canadian fashion retailerAritziais an example. In an interview published on Tuesday,Courtney Rose, Google’s VP of Retail Ads, told ModernRetail, “When they enabled AI Max, they saw a 80% increase in revenue.” Don't Miss: A single bad hire can set a startup back years. Here are the 5 hires founders most often misjudge — and why Experts say these common ETF pitfalls can catch new investors off guard Rose shared an example of a natural-language search, asking Google for outfit suggestions for a spring trip to Atlanta, including a sweater, purse, and jeans, instead of using simple keywords like “blue cashmere sweater.” That richness allows Google’s Gemini models to decode not just what shoppers want, but why, creating far more precise ad matches. Rose highlighted that 15% of daily Google searches are entirely new, making AI-driven ad matching crucial for retailers who can't predict every keyword."Search is not some zero-sum game. Everything we have seen in the last few years is that search is in this expansionary moment,” Rose said. Rose said Google has no current plans to add ads to Gemini, but notes ads in AI mode are performing well and offering valuable insights for retailers. The search engine is doubling down with new formats like “direct offers.” It’s a feature that lets brands likeE.l.f. Beauty,ChewyandL’Oréalpresent personalized promotions to shoppers who show purchase intent within AI Mode. See Also:Avoid the #1 Investing Mistake: How Your ‘Safe' Holdings Could Be Costing You Big Time There’s also a new “business agent” feature letting retailers like Poshmark and Reebok shape how they appear in AI search results, in their own brand voice, said Rose. Amazon.comandOpenAIare experimenting with their own AI ad formats, though results have been mixed. Perplexity began phasing out its ads a year and a half after introducing them, while Amazon’s sponsored prompts inside Rufus are reportedly generating limited traffic. In June, reports suggested that Meta Platforms aimed to fully automate ads with AI by as early as 2026. However, marketers see the timeline as further off. Its AI tools—Andromeda, Manus, and Advantage+ offer automated targeting, budgeting, and creative optimization, but some advertisers are wary of ceding control to these "black-box" systems, reported Marketing Brew. Read Next: Skip the Regrets: The Essential Retirement Tips Experts Wish Everyone Knew Earlier. Thinking about ETFs? See what investment risks you should be aware of before you buy. Image via Shutterstock UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK.Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga: APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio