Title: 3 Cryptocurrencies That AI Assistants Keep Recommending
Date: 2026-04-12 01:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/11/3-cryptocurrencies-that-ai-assistants-keep-recomme/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Bitcoin and Ethereum came out on top, but the third recommendation might surprise you. As artificial intelligence (AI) tools become more accessible, it isn't surprising that increasing numbers of Americans are using AI for investment advice. AI can digest huge amounts of data and make complex topics more accessible. However, it can also hallucinate and give confident answers that aren't accurate. Bear in mind that AI processes and regurgitates huge quantities of what other people have already said, without giving much mind to the accuracy of those sources. When I asked leading AI assistants which cryptocurrencies they would recommend, all gave similar responses that might echo what a crypto-investing colleague could tell you at the water cooler. Here's what OpenAI's ChatGPT, xAI's Grok, and Gemini fromAlphabet's Google said about whichcryptocurrencies to buy. Image source: Getty Images. Bitcoin(BTC3.40%)andEthereum(ETH4.18%)jointly account for almost 70% of the total cryptocurrency market cap. Although all the tools I used warned of the risks in crypto investing, the pair's size and reputation put them ahead of the pack. ChatGPTand Grok suggest the two should account for between 50% and 70% of your crypto portfolio. That's a big chunk. My advice would be that crypto make up no more than 5% of your wider investments and that, depending on your risk tolerance, the majority should be Bitcoin and Ethereum because risk levels snowball dramatically once you stray from the most established projects. Only half of the cryptocurrencies that were in the top 10 by market cap just five years ago are still there today, which shows how volatile even well-known cryptos can be. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. TheAI chatbotsI talked with agreed that Bitcoin's high level of institutional adoption and its role as a store of value are key long-term strengths. Two of them also highlighted Bitcoin's potential as a type of "digital gold." Bitcoin's scarcity -- there will only ever be 21 million mined -- and decentralized nature mean the digital gold narrative is a common one. However, it also warrants close attention. Bitcoin may still prove itself as a hedge against inflation and a safer asset, but it is not there yet. Gold has significantly outperformed Bitcoin in the past year. Bitcoin Pricedata byYCharts The AI assistants recommended Ethereum for its leading role in decentralized finance (DeFi). It accounts for almost 60% of all the funds in DeFi. Ethereum was the first cryptocurrency to introduce smart contracts, tiny pieces of code that power apps, other cryptocurrencies, stablecoins, and tokenization in its ecosystem. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. ChatGPT and Grok both highlighted its strong developer community, which is indeed a strength. Ethereum reportedly has more full-time developers than any other crypto, which speaks to its ability to continue to grow and adapt. Gemini mentioned a key upcoming "Glamsterdam" upgrade. Gemini says the upgrade will reducegas fees, but Glamsterdam is more than that. Due later this year, it will actually deliver two upgrades at the same time, called Gloas and Amsterdam. Ethereum's developers say it is part of a broader roadmap to improve the network's scalability, security, and usability. Each AI assistant pickedSolana(SOL4.27%)as a growth-oriented crypto that carries more risk than the big two. Solana's potential comes from its speed and low costs, which have helped it attract a strong DeFi community. Grok and ChatGPT mentioned past technical difficulties that damaged confidence in Solana's early years. They are right, although Solana hasn't had an outage since February 2024, and its recent upgrades aim to improve reliability. Even so, any further issues could be extremely damaging. The biggest reason to invest in Solana and Ethereum right now is that they could benefit from an explosion in tokenized assets andstablecoins. The AI tools mentioned this, but none did justice to its significance. Tokenization, a way of recording ownership on ablockchain, could be what embeds cryptocurrencies into mainstream finance -- it could be as dramatic as the shift from landlines to cellphones. The value of tokenized assets could grow from $30 billion today to as much as $4 trillion by 2030, according to the most optimistic estimates. All in all, the AI's recommendations to me -- it might give you different ones -- were pretty standard, though I was concerned about some of the lesser-known cryptos that came up, includingBittensor(TAO5.27%)andToncoin(TON+0.00%). Both have market caps of about $3 billion and rank outside the top 25 by market cap. They may have some sector-specific appeal, but I wouldn't recommend or buy either because they carry significant risk. I could also have gotten more advice by asking follow-up questions and giving the bots more context. Indeed, ChatGPT even offered to build me a customized portfolio, which is where things start to get murky. AIs can feel safe and anonymous, and I'm sure I am not alone in asking a bot questions I'd be too embarrassed to ask someone in real life. But keep this in mind: It's one thing to ask a bot to help you improve your online dating profile, and quite another to get it to pick your investments. If I share enough information about myself, my goals, and my financial situation with a free AI tool for it to give me tailored investment advice, I might as well put it all on social media for all the world to see. Not only can that information be collected and shared with partner platforms, but I also don't know where it will be stored, nor how easily criminals could steal it. This is a brave new world, and we're all trying to figure out how these enormous robots that can essentially parrot humans will fit into our lives. For now, treat AI assistants as a starting point for your own research and be wary of what you share.     Before you buy stock inBitcoin, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andBitcoinwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Emma Newberyhas positions in Ethereum and Solana. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Bitcoin, Bittensor, Ethereum, and Solana. The Motley Fool recommends Nasdaq and TON. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 