Title: 2 Stocks to Buy on Overdone AI Infrastructure Spending Fears That Could Rise 30% and 50%, According 
Date: 2026-04-12 20:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/2-stocks-to-buy-on-overdone-ai-infrastructure-spen/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The stocks of Alphabet and Amazon have big upside, according to BNP Paribas, and I agree. Analyst Nick Jones of BNP Paribas was recently out with a bullish note onAlphabet(GOOGL0.41%)(GOOG0.20%)andAmazon(AMZN+2.05%), saying that fears over artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure spending are "overdone." Data center spending has become a hot-button issue to start the year, as some investors have questioned the economics of this spending. This includes famed investor Michael Burry, who was portrayed by actor Christian Bale in the movieThe Big Short. Burry argued last fall that the useful life ofgraphics processing units (GPUs)and other AI chips is rather short-lived, and that, as such, hyperscalers like Alphabet, Amazon, and others won't see an economic benefit from their spending. However, this didn't keep Alphabet and Amazon from cranking up theircapital expenditure (capex)plans for the year. In February, Alphabet said its capex would rise to between $175 billion and $185 billion this year, up from $91.4 billion in 2025. Amazon turned around and upped the ante a few days later, saying it would boost its capex to $200 billion from $131.8 billion last year. The announcements didn't sit well with investors, who sent the shares of both stocks lower. Amazon and Alphabet are two of the big three cloud computing providers, along withMicrosoft. Amazon holds the No. 1 market share in the space, having created the infrastructure-as-a-service industry back in the mid-2000s with Amazon Web Services (AWS). Today, AWS is its largest segment by profitability, and its fastest growing. Alphabet's Google Cloud, meanwhile, holds the No. 3 market share behind Microsoft's Azure. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. In his note, Jones argued that the companies' backlog-to-capex ratios show that neither one is overspending and that their current investments are needed to meet rising demand. He also said that both companies are becoming more efficient, as their revenue per employee metrics are climbing higher. The analyst has a $390 price target on Alphabet, representing about 30% upside, and a $320 price target on Amazon, which would be about a 50% gain if met. Image source: Getty Images. In my view, if there are any two companies that should be ramping up their AI infrastructure capex, it is Alphabet and Amazon. The reason for this is twofold. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. The first is that both companies have developed their own AI ASICs (application-specific integrated circuits). These are custom chips developed to handle specific AI-related tasks. Because ASICs are purpose-built, they tend to be more energy efficient, and the total cost of ownership tends to be lower. This gives both companies a structural cost advantage. Alphabet is the leader in this space with its tensor processing units (TPUs), which it developed more than a decade ago and has tightly integrated with its entire hardware and software ecosystem. Amazon, meanwhile, has developed more budget-oriented chips with its Trainium and Inferentia offerings. Both companies have been seeing momentum with customers deploying their chips within their data centers. Anthropichas placed a $21 billion TPU with Alphabet partnerBroadcomfor this year and recently extended its partnership for additional capacity to both be deployed through Google Cloud and supplied directly by Broadcom. Meanwhile, Amazon also opened a large data center exclusively for Anthropic at the end of last year, powered by its Trainium chips. In addition to the cost advantage of having its own AI chips, the other reason why both Alphabet and Amazon should be pressing their advantages and investing heavily in AI infrastructure is that both companies also have heavy internal usage. They have both developedlarge language models (LLMs), and both are using AI to help drive growth in other parts of their businesses, such as search for Alphabet and e-commerce with Amazon. This ability to internally absorb capacity lessens the risk of overbuilding. With both stocks off their highs, now is a great time to buy these AI giants. In fact, they are two of my favorite stocks at the moment, and I own both.     Before you buy stock inAlphabet, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andAlphabetwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Geoffrey Seilerhas positions in Alphabet, Amazon, and Broadcom. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, and Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 