Title: Alphabet vs. Oracle_ Here's What the Debt Market Is Saying
Date: 2026-04-12 01:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/11/alphabet-vs-oracle-heres-what-the-debt-market-is-s/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
You might be surprised by the nuanced difference between what the equity markets and debt markets think about artificial intelligence (AI) investment. The market is, completely understandably, focused on artificial intelligence (AI) hyperscalers to determine whether there's an AI bubble brewing. Those concerns are magnified by the share price performance of the leading hyperscaler companies in 2026 (see chart). The two that stand out the most areOracle(ORCL+0.17%)andAlphabet(GOOG0.20%)(GOOGL0.41%), and a closer look at what bond markets are pricing in for their default risk says a lot about the two companies' prospects and the market's fears over an AI bubble. The underperformance of Oracle andMicrosoft(MSFT0.59%)in 2026 is clear in the chart. The most likely reason is that both have significant exposure to OpenAI. Oracle and OpenAI have a massive $300 billion cloud computing agreement whereby the former will build outAI data center infrastructureto sell computing services to OpenAI. Meanwhile, Microsoft management confirmed on its last earnings call that 45% of its remaining performance obligations (RPO)  are from OpenAI. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon.  ^SPXdata byYCharts The equity markets are worried, but what are the debt markets saying? Image source: Getty Images. Looking at credit default swaps (CDSes) on company debt is a great way to assess the debt market's mood. CDSes are a form of insurance against a bond's default. They are priced in basis points (bps), where 100 bps equals 1%. As an example, it will cost you 2% of a bond's face value every year to insure against a default based on a CDS price of 200bps. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. Here's a look at the pricing for Oracle,Alphabet, and Microsoft five-year bond CDSes over the past year. Data source: S&P Global Market Intelligence. Chart by author. Clearly, the debt market is not particularly worried about a default at Alphabet and Microsoft. However, the debt market is more concerned about Oracle's risk of default, and the equity markets are worried about Oracle and Microsoft's ability to generate earnings from their OpenAI exposure. Interestingly, OpenAI's recent funding round, in whichAmazon,Nvidia, and Microsoft took part, was successful, with the company raising $122 billion  based on a post-money valuation of $852 billion.  The funding implies that investors remain willing to back AI companies' growth, but there are concerns about the cost of the buildout. As such, it makes sense to stick to well-funded companies, like Alphabet, that are also leading in building engine models, rather than Oracle, which is building out AI infrastructure for OpenAI.     Before you buy stock inAlphabet, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andAlphabetwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Lee Samahahas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Nvidia, and Oracle. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 