Title: Oilfield Services Stocks Q4 Recap_ Benchmarking Halliburton (NYSE_HAL)
Date: 2026-04-10 12:22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/oilfield-services-stocks-q4-recap-122244569.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) The end of the earnings season is always a good time to take a step back and see who shined (and who not so much). Let’s take a look at how oilfield services stocks fared in Q4, starting with Halliburton (NYSE:HAL). Oilfield services companies provide equipment, technology, and services enabling exploration and production activities, including drilling, completion, well intervention, and reservoir evaluation. Their fortunes closely track upstream capital spending cycles. Tailwinds include increased drilling activity during favorable commodity environments, demand for efficiency-enhancing technologies, and growing offshore and unconventional resource development. Headwinds include significant revenue volatility tied to oil and gas price swings and producer spending discipline. Intense competition pressures pricing and margins, while the energy transition may structurally reduce long-term demand. Workforce availability and technological disruption require continuous adaptation. Which oilfield services company had the best performance? What challenges face the oilfield services industry? How did geopolitical tensions affect energy markets? How did Halliburton perform in Q4 earnings? The 26 oilfield services stocks we track reported a strong Q4. As a group, revenues beat analysts’ consensus estimates by 3.7%. Thankfully, share prices of the companies have been resilient as they are up 5.7% on average since the latest earnings results. Behind nearly every oil and gas well drilled worldwide, Halliburton (NYSE:HAL) provides drilling, completion, and production services that help oil and gas companies extract hydrocarbons from underground reservoirs. Halliburton reported revenues of $5.66 billion, flat year on year. This print exceeded analysts’ expectations by 4.2%. Overall, it was a stunning quarter for the company with a beat of analysts’ EPS and EBITDA estimates. “I am pleased with Halliburton’s fourth quarter performance and the way we closed out 2025. We outperformed our expectations and it is clear that Halliburton’s strategy and value proposition deliver differentiated results,” commented Jeff Miller, Chairman, President and CEO. Interestingly, the stock is up 17.2% since reporting and currently trades at $37.58. Is now the time to buy Halliburton?Access our full analysis of the earnings results here, it’s free. Operating one of the world's youngest jack-up fleets with an average age under eight years, Borr Drilling (NYSE:BORR) operates jack-up rigs that drill oil and gas wells in shallow waters up to 400 feet deep for exploration and production companies. Borr Drilling reported revenues of $259.4 million, down 1.4% year on year, outperforming analysts’ expectations by 8.1%. The business had an incredible quarter with a beat of analysts’ EPS estimates. The market seems content with the results as the stock is up 2.1% since reporting. It currently trades at $5.90. Is now the time to buy Borr Drilling?Access our full analysis of the earnings results here, it’s free. Serving over 150,000 customers from commercial jets to cargo ships to heating oil consumers, World Kinect (NYSE:WKC) procures and delivers fuel and energy products to airlines, shipping companies, trucking fleets, and industrial businesses worldwide. World Kinect reported revenues of $9.03 billion, down 7.5% year on year, falling short of analysts’ expectations by 2.3%. It was a disappointing quarter as it posted a significant miss of analysts’ EBITDA and EPS estimates. As expected, the stock is down 10.1% since the results and currently trades at $23.91. Read our full analysis of World Kinect’s results here. Operating one of the largest land-based drilling rig fleets in the world with over 285 rigs across more than 15 countries, Nabors Industries (NYSE:NBR) operates drilling rigs and provides related services to help oil and gas companies drill wells on land and offshore platforms. Nabors Industries reported revenues of $797.5 million, up 9.3% year on year. This print topped analysts’ expectations by 0.8%. Overall, it was a strong quarter as it also recorded a beat of analysts’ EPS and EBITDA estimates. The stock is up 16.2% since reporting and currently trades at $82.38. Read our full, actionable report on Nabors Industries here, it’s free. Operating in over 50 countries from deepwater offshore platforms to remote onshore fields, Expro (NYSE:XPRO) provides equipment and services that help oil and gas companies drill wells, measure production, and maintain well integrity. Expro reported revenues of $382.1 million, down 12.5% year on year. This number came in 5.3% below analysts' expectations. It was a disappointing quarter as it also produced a miss of analysts’ EBITDA and EPS estimates. Expro had the weakest performance against analyst estimates among its peers. The stock is flat since reporting and currently trades at $16.70. Read our full, actionable report on Expro here, it’s free. Late in 2025 into early 2026, there was hand wringing around artificial intelligence. For software companies, the fear was that AI would erode pricing power and compress margins as new tools made it easier to replicate what once required expensive enterprise platforms. Crypto investors had their own version of the same anxiety: if AI agents could trade, allocate capital, and manage wallets autonomously, what exactly was the long-term value of today’s crypto infrastructure? These concerns triggered a noticeable rotation away from these sectors and into safer havens. But markets rarely dwell on one narrative for long. Spring 2026 came, and the focus shifted abruptly from technological disruption to geopolitical risk. The US’ conflict with Iran became the dominant driver of market psychology, and when geopolitics takes center stage, the script changes quickly. Investors stop debating growth rates and start worrying about oil supply, inflation, and global stability. Want to invest in winners with rock-solid fundamentals? Check out ourTop 5 Quality Compounder Stocksand add them to your watchlist. These companies are poised for growth regardless of the political or macroeconomic climate. StockStory’s analyst team — all seasoned professional investors — uses quantitative analysis and automation to deliver market-beating insights faster and with higher quality. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio