Title: I Don't Use the Term _Generational Buying Opportunity_ Lightly. Here's Why It Applies to This Beaten
Date: 2026-04-12 18:48
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/generational-buying-opportunity-broadcom-stock/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
This dividend growth stock is so much more than just an artificial intelligence (AI) play. In the spectrum of investor confidence, "generational buying opportunity" is a term that goes beyond a casual buy, transcends "no-brainer," and even exceeds "high conviction." It's a term I've rarely used in my financial writing, because it's reserved for a company that can anchor a stock portfolio by compounding wealth for decades. Investment opportunities of that caliber don't come around often. There are a lot of beaten-downtech stocksthat are buys in today's market, butBroadcom(AVGO+4.69%)is in a league of its own. Here's why. Image source: Getty Images. On April 7, Broadcom soared 6.2% despite a mere 0.1% rise in theNasdaq Composite. The move higher came in response to artificial intelligence (AI) chip deals with Anthropic, the maker of Claude large language models, and withAlphabet-owned Google. Google Cloud Services is providing multiple gigawatts of Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) capacity to Anthropic tohelp scale its models, agents, and enterprise applications. Broadcom designs Google-built TPUs, and it's one of the best examples of Broadcom's unique approach to AI. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Broadcom has been critical ofAI data centersthat rely too heavily on general-purpose graphics processing units (GPUs), believing that its custom AI accelerator (XPU) solutions will eventuallyovertake GPU designs. The company has a long-standing partnership with Google -- supplying the hyperscaler with application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) engineered to handle AI workloads for Google Cloud. The latest TPU generations, like Trillium and Ironwood, are optimized for high-volume inference workflows that apply what an AI has been taught. For example, Anthropic's Claude Code is an AI agent that primarily uses inference from Claude LLMs to help users develop software. Running AI agents requires significant compute, which is a boon for Broadcom's custom chip business. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. Broadcom's latest deal with Anthropic and Google is a stamp of approval that its chips are helping hyperscalers unlock efficiency improvements and cost advantages for AI workloads. The deal reinforces Broadcom's bold goal of reaching a staggering $100 billion in AI chip sales in fiscal 2027. That's incredible, considering AI made up a tiny fraction of Broadcom's business just a few years ago. In addition to designing custom AI chips, Broadcom has abooming AI networking businessfueled by its Tomahawk series (high-bandwidth switching within AI data centers) and Jericho series (AI routing to connect AI clusters across data centers). In fact, Broadcom now expects AI networking to account for 40% of its upcoming second-quarter fiscal 2026 AI revenue. Broadcom's explosive AI growth is reason alone to buy the stock, but what makes Broadcom a truly generational buying opportunity is how AI fits into the overarching investment thesis. The company is applying itsexpertise in semiconductorsand networking to power AI data centers. But a significant part of its business isn't dependent on AI -- such as infrastructure software and general-purpose semiconductor solutions. Broadcom provides non-AI connectivity and storage for wireless, broadband, industrial automation, and networking, as well as non-AI infrastructure software for cybersecurity and enterprise software, especially through the VMware private and hybridcloud platform. AI revenue made up 43.5% of total revenue in Broadcom's latest quarter, which ended Feb. 1 -- which puts into perspective the sheer size of its non-AI business. Given Broadcom's growth prospects, AI revenue will likely become the majority of the business in a matter of quarters, but Broadcom is far from being a pure-play AI chip company. Its non-AI business is high-margin and generates substantial free cash flow, supporting consistent share buybacks and dividend increases. Broadcom shares yield just 0.8% -- but that's only because the stock has performed so well. Consider that over the past six years, Broadcom's dividend has doubled, but the stock is up a staggering 996% -- so the dividend yield has compressed. Broadcom checks all the boxes of a generational buying opportunity. The company has explosive growth potential in AI custom chips and networking, but is also well equipped to endure a cyclical slowdown in AI thanks to its diversified business. Buybacks help keep Broadcom's valuation in check, and 15 consecutive years of dividend increases is music to the ears of passive income investors. Even after its recent rally, Broadcom's stock is still down nearly 20% from its all-time high and trades at about 29 times forward earnings -- making it a reasonable value for long-term investors. Add it all up, and Broadcom might just be the best all-around stock to buy now.     Before you buy stock inBroadcom, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andBroadcomwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Daniel Foelberhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 