Title: Wall Street Analysts Say Sell on This Stock. Here's Why They're Wrong.
Date: 2026-04-12 18:33
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/wall-street-analysts-say-sell-on-this-stock-heres/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
You will have a hard time finding a better dividend stock. For a pure play asset management firm likeT. Rowe Price(TROW0.73%), its fortunes are going to largely be tied to the fluctuations of the stock market. When stocks are up and markets are rising, T. Rowe Price is going to do well, because its fees are primarily tied to assets under management in their institutional separate accounts, mutual funds, andexchange-traded funds(ETFs). When markets are up, there's typically more funding flow into its funds, because investors often chase returns. This also serves to raise asset levels, fees, and revenue. When markets are down, the opposite is true. Assets levels depreciate, so fees go down, and often, fund flows slow down. Image source: Getty Images. So, with markets down in 2026, it should come as no surprise that T. Rowe Price stock is down year to date by about 10%. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Wall Street analysts have a negative view of the stock, based on several factors. The major issue was that T. Rowe Price reported $25.5 billion in outflows in the fourth quarter. That likely had to do with the down market in Q4 and investors cashing out. But the company also reported a 16.5% increase in operating expenses, which caused it to miss estimates. As of April 10, some 33% of analysts had ratedT. Rowe Price stocka sell, with only 7% calling it a buy. The lion's share of analysts, 60%, rated it a hold. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. I tend to agree with the minority, as I think T. Rowe Price is a solid buy right now. Here's why. I get why analysts might be tepid on T. Rowe Price, given the fact that markets are down this year and the outlook for 2026 is very uncertain. That could result in limited upside for the stock. However, it is the type of market where investors are flocking to dividend stocks, and you may not find many better dividend stocks than T. Rowe Price. The company has increased its dividend for 40 straight years, including a 2% increase in January to $1.30 per share. Over the past five years, it has grown its dividend at a rate of about 6% per year. It also has a very manageable payout ratio of 52%. The reason that T. Rowe Price has been able to consistently boost its dividend year after year is because of its fortress balance sheet. The company has no long-term debt, and only about $469 million in short-term debt. It has a minuscule debt-to-equity ratio of 3.89%. It also had $2 billion in free cash flow in 2025 and ended the year with $3.8 billion in cash and equivalents. That is a recipe for a soon-to-beDividend King. In addition, it has a ridiculouslyhigh dividend yieldof 5.64%. Of all the stocks that have increased their dividend for more than 25 straight years, T. Rowe Price's yield is the second highest. There are a couple other things to note about T. Rowe Price. One, it is known primarily as an active manager, and during the bull market, it took a back seat to the big indexers that provided strong returns with low expenses. But with the type of market uncertainty and rotation we are seeing now, its penchant for stock picking could give it an advantage. While it was late in offering ETFs, it now has a full roster of active ETFs with five-year track records. That should put it on the radar of more investors, particularly institutional investors, which require longer track records. Overall, for its great dividend alone, T. Rowe Price is a buy for income investors. But it could also stand out among its peers as the bull market morphs into something that might favor active management.     Before you buy stock inT. Rowe Price Group, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andT. Rowe Price Groupwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Dave Kovaleskihas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends T. Rowe Price Group. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 