Title: Want to Play the Reshoring Theme_ You Might Want to Buy These Stocks South of the Border.
Date: 2026-04-12 19:21
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/reshoring-theme-stock-south-border-omab/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Going abroad may bring you out of your investing comfort zone, but these stocks are well worth it. Reshoring is the macroeconomic theme of the United States, bringing industrial capacity from Asia (specifically China) back home to North and South America. Some manufacturing will be done in the United States (e.g.,semiconductors), while some will flow to other nations. No country is better positioned to benefit from reshoring thanMexico. But how does one invest to take advantage of the potential economic boom south of the border? The answer may lie in the aviation sector and the publicly traded airport stocks in Mexico. Image source: Getty Images. Unlike in the United States, the operators of Mexican airports are publicly traded companies, of which there are three. They don't own the airport but have long-term (generally 50-year) contracts that allow them to manage these assets for the government while splitting the profits. Grupo Aeroportuario delPacífico(PAC2.17%)is one of Mexico's airport operators, focused on the Pacific region, with its largest airports being in Guadalajara, Los Cabos, Tijuana, and Puerto Vallarta. These cities have a mix of international tourism and industrial capacity, with Tijuana benefiting from a land bridge connecting to San Diego that allows residents to easily get on cheaper flights when visiting Mexico. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. The stock is trading down 15% from its highs due to fears over recent cartel violence in Mexico, which seems to have subsided for the time being, as well as global concerns about rising oil prices and their potential impact on air travel demand. Airport operators such as Grupo Pacifico make money as more passengers flow through their airports, along with government-allowed price increases. Over the long term, air traffic to Mexico has exploded because of international tourism, general economic growth in Mexico, and growing industrial capacity in places such as Guadalajara, which drives business travel. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. Right now, the stock trades at adividend yieldof 3.5% and at 13 times its trailing EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization). This is for a business that has grown its revenue by 286% over the past 10 years in U.S. dollar terms, despite a global pandemic in between. Unless you think Mexican tourism is going to fall apart overnight, now could be a great time to buy Grupo Pacifico stock. The airport operator most focused on the reshoring theme isGrupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte(OMAB1.12%), which operates the Monterrey airport and a number of smaller regional airports across Mexico's North and Western regions. Monterrey is the wealthiest large city in Mexico and is closest to the United States. It has become wealthier than the average Mexican metro area because of its industrial might, with many companies around the world setting up shop there to ship goods to the United States. It even offers direct flights to Tokyo and Seoul to serve electronic manufacturing companies in the area. It lacks the tourist charm, but Monterrey will benefit if the reshoring trend continues through the rest of this decade. Total passenger traffic grew 8.5% year over year in 2025, with Monterrey growing 15% and making up around half of passenger volume. Right now, the stock trades at a dividend yield of 4.2% and 11.5 times EBITDA, making it even cheaper than Grupo Pacifico.  Data byYCharts. If you have only invested in your home market, it might feel scary to buy a stock from a country like Mexico, where you have less understanding of the local culture and economy. This fear may be warranted for consumer goods, but airports are very similar, no matter which country you go to. Currency risks are another factor that pops up, but they can be mitigated by increasing per-passenger fees and by international traffic and commercial revenue from tourism shops. As a monopoly, the Mexican government regulates airports and determines the prices inbound flights can charge, with Grupo Norte granted theright to increase pricesby 38% over the next five years. That sounds like a good business to me. Mexican airport stocks are well-positioned to deliver strong returns for shareholders over the next decade.     Before you buy stock inGrupo Aeroportuario Del Centro NorteB. De C.v., consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andGrupo Aeroportuario Del Centro NorteB. De C.v.wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Brett Schaferhas positions in Grupo Aeroportuario Del Centro NorteB. De C.v. The Motley Fool recommends Grupo Aeroportuario Del PacíficoB. De C.v. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 