Title: Should You Buy the Dip on This Soaring Energy Stock_
Date: 2026-04-12 22:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/should-you-buy-the-dip-on-this-soaring-energy-stoc/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Energy Fuels is one of the only U.S. producers of this critical element. Uranium is a key material for nuclear power plants and the artificial intelligence (AI) data centers that use their power. The AI catalyst has helped turnEnergy Fuels(UUUU+0.44%)-- a uranium provider based in Colorado -- into a top-performing stock that has quintupled over the past year. A supply shortage has amplified booming demand, rewarding long-term investors, but the stock has dipped recently, down about 4% over the past month. Is this a good chance to load up on a promising name, or will the drop continue? Here's what investors should know. Image source: Getty Images. Energy Fuels is a U.S. uranium producer, and that is a big detail to consider when assessing the company's long-term value. It's one of the few companies that is producing uranium in the U.S. Thin competition for a high-demand material bodes well for Energy Fuels. Under President Donald Trump, the U.S. has been pursuing domestic sources of critical minerals like uranium to reduce reliance on China. Last year, the U.S. Department of Energy awarded $2.7 billion to restore American uranium enrichment. Energy Fuels wasn't a recipient, but it shows that the government isn't afraid to allocate significant capital to this industry. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. The U.S. government isn't the only one investing in these materials. For instance, Energy Fuels received a conditional letter of support from Export Finance Australia for up to AU$80 million in senior debt project financing for one of its projects. It's not a cash handout, but this government-backed financing will make it easier for Energy Fuels to expand operations. Last year'stariffsagainst China showed how quickly trade tensions can escalate. All of that drama works to Energy Fuels' advantage. While more companies may produce uranium in the U.S., Energy Fuels and a small number of competitors are doing it right now. Current domestic producers have a massive head start over future entrants. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. Energy Fuels wrapped up 2025 with$927.4 millionof working capital, including$64.7 millionof cash and cash equivalents, which gives it plenty of capital to deploy into mining and producing uranium. In October, closed a capital raise that included a $700 million senior note with a 0.75%APRthat is due in 2031.  This low interest rate indicates financial institutions feel confident about Energy Fuels' long-term prospects. The company also secured two new long-term contracts from U.S.nuclear power-generating companies, bringing it up to six long-term contracts.  These contracts offer clear cash-flow visibility, and as Energy Fuels produces more uranium, it can secure more contracts. The company is still in the early stages of a compelling multiyear opportunity. Grandview Research projects the AI infrastructure market will maintain a 30.4% CAGR from now until 2030, and nuclear energy will be a major part of that industry. Since uranium is necessary for nuclear energy, Energy Fuels has a compelling opportunity for long-term shareholders who buy the dip.     Before you buy stock inEnergy Fuels, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andEnergy Fuelswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Marc Gubertihas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 