Title: The Post-Ozempic Economy_ 2 Industries Bracing for a Slimmer, Less Hungry America
Date: 2026-04-12 20:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/the-post-ozempic-economy-2-industries-bracing-for/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The use of weight-loss drugs is growing like crazy and changing the entire consumer economy along with it. Investors are hyper-focused on what artificial intelligence (AI) will do to the economy. But what if the bigger disruptors -- at least for consumers -- are the revolutionary weight-loss drugs? Revenue for these GLP-1 drugs is actually higher than that of the AI labs at OpenAI and Anthropic, with stocks such asEli Lillysoaring as a result. Appetite suppression and lowered obesity rates for tens of millions of Americans could mean huge changes for consumer sectors, leading to various opportunities (and potential land mines) in the stock market. Here are two industries bracing for a slimmer America, and what it could mean for your stock portfolio. The direct hit fromweight-loss drugswill most likely be felt by restaurants. The drugs work by suppressing appetite and cravings, leading to reduced caloric intake and, therefore, weight loss. While you can get cheaper versions of these drugs for just $150 a month throughHims & Hersnow, they may also be shifting budgets that were previously spent on dining out as well. Restaurants are currently going through a rough period in the U.S., and some theorize that this is due to the growing use of weight-loss drugs. For example,Chipotle Mexican Grill(CMG0.41%)has posted flat or negativesame-store sales growthfor the last four quarters, after years of market-beating performance. You can see this type of data across the sector: Sales are down while inflation rages for salaries, food, and other input costs. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. The companies are trying to get creative in fighting this new trend. For example, Chipotle recently launched a new high-protein meal with lower-calorie items, including a protein bowl. This may help relieve traffic woes, but the weight-loss drug impact is just getting started. Growth in usage is set to soar with new oral pills and more effective drugs such as retatrutide, in the pipeline for Eli Lilly. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. So it's no surprise that Chipotle's stock is down 50% from its highs. Many other restaurant stocks are suffering as well. If these chains can pivot to lighter, higher-protein meals, demand may bounce back in the years ahead. But if Americans start consuming vastly fewer calories per year because of weight-loss drugs, then this could be a permanent reset for the entire sector. Image source: Getty Images. On the other side of the coin isfitness. If people are losing weight, they generally will have more energy to exercise. This could be a boon to fitness revenue in the years ahead. We are already seeing this happen withPlanet Fitness(PLNT2.78%). The gym operator has seen its revenue grow by 171% cumulatively in the last five years, with impressive performance in recent quarters. Full-year same-club sales (equivalent to same-store sales for restaurants) were up 6.7% in 2025, with 1.1 million new members joining the gym chain in the calendar year. This is the type of tailwind that could materialize for the entire fitness category for the rest of the decade. Planet Fitness has a global footprint of 2,900 locations and should have plenty of room to keep growing. In 2026, the company is guiding for 180 to 190 new club locations to open, with same-club sales up by 4% to 5%. The exercise chain's stock is up 381% in the last 10 years, but it is actually down over the last five, at a time when revenue has soared by close to 200%. Right now, shares are trading at a price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) of 28.5. That may look expensive on the surface, but with only $220 million in net earnings over the last 12 months, there is plenty of room to take market share in the gym sector and ride the overall tailwind of spending on fitness in the United States. Weight-loss drugs are changing the game for the entire consumer economy. Out is lethargy and overspending on fast food. What's in is portion control and spending money on fitness. Align your portfolio accordingly.     Before you buy stock inChipotle Mexican Grill, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andChipotle Mexican Grillwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Brett Schaferhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Chipotle Mexican Grill and Planet Fitness. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: short March 2026 $42.50 calls on Chipotle Mexican Grill. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 