Title: Bull vs. Bear_ Is Meta Platforms a Buy or Sell_
Date: 2026-04-12 19:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/bull-vs-bear-is-meta-platforms-a-buy-or-sell/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The bears worry about Meta's spending habits, while the bulls are excited about its core business and the potential of AI. Who is right? In an ongoing series of articles examining the bullish and bearish cases for some well-known stocks, today I look atMeta Platforms(META+0.23%). Lately, the company's operational performance and stock performance have been going in opposite directions. This indicates investors are torn about Meta and its stock's potential performance. So, which investors are right, the bulls or the bears? Image source: The Motley Fool. Meta Platforms is one of the most important digital advertising platforms in the world through its Facebook and Instagram apps. The company's apps attract billions of people worldwide, with nearly 3.6 billion daily active users as of year-end 2025. Meta has really transformed its social media platform over the years from a focus on helping people stay connected with friends and family to an entertainment platform. Meanwhile, what the company does better than any other social media company is monetize its large user base. It is just a premier destination for small and medium-sized advertisers to get in front of potential customers. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. The other thing that Meta has been able to do just as well as any company is harness the power ofartificial intelligence (AI)to drive growth in its core business. Its platform is the ultimate AI flywheel. As advertisers see good returns on their spending on Meta's sites, they typically reinvest that money into more ads on them. Meanwhile, by moving from social-graph-based recommendations to AI-based discovery, Meta is using AI to feed its users more of the content they are interested in. At the same time, its Generative AI Recommendation Model (GEM) and Lattice architecture are giving the company a more comprehensive view of how its users engage across its platforms, enabling it to serve more relevant ads to users. This is increasing ad loads and improving conversions, driving strong ad impression growth and higher ad prices. And the success of its ads just fuels the flywheel. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. At the same time, Meta is also just beginning to serve ads on its WhatsApp messaging platform. The app is extremely popular outside the U.S., boasting over 3 billion users. It is also slow-cooking its new Threads social media platform, building its user base, and adding new features. This has the potential to be another growth driver in the years ahead. Meta is very good at one thing: monetizing its social media apps. However, the company has a history of burning cash like kindling on side projects. CEO Mark Zuckerberg'smetaverseinitiative was an absolute disaster. The company's Reality Labs segment, home to the metaverse, has lost more than $80 billion since 2020, including $19 billion last year, with nothing much to show for it. The company is now mercifully finally shutting down its virtual reality platform, Horizon's World, on its VR devices later this year. What makes the pile of losses even worse is that almost no one outside of Mark Zuckerberg actually believed in the project. That's just a massive waste of shareholders' money. Now Meta is pivoting its spending to AI and AI infrastructure. It just released its first foundationallarge language model (LLM)earlier this month after spending billions of dollars investing in Scale AI and bringing in its founder, Alexandr Wang, to spearhead the project. The new model, Muse Spark, is very good in some areas, but lags in others. The question now is, can the company actually profit from it? The spending by Zuckerberg on vanity projects over the years is an issue, and his new "personal superintelligence" ambitions could mean more of the same. That said,Meta has a great core businessthat is the perfect AI flywheel. I'm willing to put up with the company's sometimes frivolous spending, given its attractive valuation (a 21.5 timesforward P/E) and strong growth opportunities ahead. The stock is a buy in my book.     Before you buy stock inMeta Platforms, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andMeta Platformswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Geoffrey Seilerhas positions in Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 