Title: Is X-Energy a Millionaire-Maker Stock_
Date: 2026-04-12 22:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/is-x-energy-a-millionaire-maker-stock/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
X-Energy, a nuclear reactor and fuel design engineering company, recently filed paperwork for an initial public offering. Shares of nuclear power company X-Energy aren't available yet. Still, the company recently filed a draft registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for an initial public offering (IPO) under the NASDAQ ticker XE. Therenewable energycompany's shares could go radioactive, making investors millions, or they could bust, as the company presents a strong risk-reward ratio. On the negative side, XE Energy lost money last year, and as a private company, there isn't much information yet about its finances. On the positive side, its IPO prospectus states that the market for small modular reactors (SMRs) could be worth $2.3 trillion by 2050. Here are three reasons why X-Energy could be a millionaire-maker stock. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Image source: Getty Images. X-energy has attracted funding fromAmazon,Dow, the Climate Pledge Fund, Segra Capital Management, Jane Street, and Ares Management. The first two are the most important because they are customers for the company's nuclear SMRs. The company is working with Dow in Texas to build a four-SMR-unit plant under the U.S. Department of Energy's Advanced Reactor Demonstration program. It also has at least 5 GW of projects that it plans to do with Amazon by 2039, and it has a commitment from British energy and services companyCentricafor 6GW of SMRs. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. The primary driver for owning X-Energy is its proprietary Xe-100 reactor technology.Unlike the light-water reactors that dominate the current grid,the Xe-100 is a high-temperature helium-cooled reactor designed for more than just electricity.While the HTR-PM helium-cooled reactor is already operating in China, the Xe-100 is still awaiting approval from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) in the U.S. According to X-Energy, the Xe-100 produces high-temperature steam that can directly decarbonize heavy industrial processes,such as chemical manufacturing and hydrogen production. According to X-Energy, the Xe-100 is also considered safer than other designs because it relies on nature rather than machinery or human intervention to prevent a meltdown. The reactor's physics act like an automatic brake. If it gets too hot, the nuclear reaction naturally slows and stops on its own. Because the reactor doesn't produce an overwhelming amount of heat in one small spot, X-Energy says that leftover heat simply drifts away into the air. It doesn't need extra water or pumps to stay cool. Theenergycompany's business model also benefits from its own TRISO-X fuel. According to X-Energy, each grain of uranium is enveloped by layers of ceramic that the company says is designed to prevent the release of radioactive materials even under extreme temperatures. By controlling its SMR's fuel supply, X-Energy creates a recurring revenue stream that would continue for the 40-to-60-year lifespan of the SMRs it sells. IPOscan create millionaires, but because most companies that go public are in their early stages and rarely profitable, there are significant risks. There are plenty of competitors lining up in the SMR space, and if a better design emerges, X-Energy's profits and share price would likely suffer. However, the company is well-financed and may be better suited to thrive than other small SMR companies. While the risks of regulatory delays and capital intensity remain, the combination of a diversified industrial client base, a proprietary fuel monopoly, and elite tech partnerships makes X-Energy a compelling candidate for a growth-oriented portfolio. Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades. Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is theequivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons. But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. Continue › James Halleyhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 