Title: Trump's Tariff Turmoil Topples Ultra-Rich's Wealth — $174B Wiped Out From Fortunes Of World's Top 10
Date: 2026-04-12 15:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/trumps-tariff-turmoil-topples-ultra-150125985.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) The 10 wealthiest individuals in the world, includingElon Musk, CEO ofTesla Inc., have lost $174 billion following PresidentDonald Trump‘s tariff announcement on April 2. On a year-to-date basis, they lost nearly a staggering $350 billion. What Happened: Following Trump’s tariff declaration last Wednesday, the S&P 500 plummeted 11%. This resulted in a significant shrinkage of the equity stakes of the world’s richest, who had a combined net worth exceeding $2 trillion at the start of 2025. As per the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, since the tariff announcement on April 2, Elon Musk andMetaCEOMark Zuckerbergsaw the maximum decline, with Musk losing $33 billion, while Zuckerberg lost $26 billion.Amazon‘sJeff Bezossaw a decline of $21 billion, whileOracleCEOLarry Ellisonwitnessed a $20 billion drop in their net worth. Don't Miss: These Rare Earth ETFs Are Drawing Major Investors — Here's What to Understand Think Your ‘Safe' Stocks Protect You? You're Ignoring the Real Growth Triggers —Here's What to Add Now Googlefounders,Larry PageandSergey Brin,lost $12 billion and $11 billion, each. FormerMicrosoftCEOsBill GatesandSteve Balmersaw their fortune decline by $15 billion and $9 billion, respectively. Meanwhile,Bernard Arnault, the French billionaire and CEO of the luxury brandLVMH,lost $14 billion of his net worth. Surprisingly, legendary investor and chief ofBerkshire Hathaway,Warren Buffett’s net worth also fell by $13 billion since Trump’s tariff announcement on April 2. However, Buffett maintained a positive net worth year-to-date. Why It Matters: On Monday, Musk’s net worth dipped below $300 billion, a level unseen since the previous year. The Bloomberg Billionaires Index indicated that Musk’s wealth was $298 billion at Monday’s market close, marking a reduction of nearly $135 billion, or 31%, since the beginning of the year. Trending: Caught With Nothing Saved for Retirement?These 5 Game‑Changing Tips Could Still Save You Meanwhile, President Trump’s net worth also took a significant hit post the implementation of his extensive new tariffs. Within days, Trump's estimated net worth declined by nearly $600 million, falling from $4.7 billion to $4.1 billion, as per Forbes’ analysis. President Trump’s sweeping tariffs, announced on April 2, sparked market turmoil. The next day, stocks endured their worst single-day decline in five years, with the S&P 500 falling nearly 5%, the Dow dropping 1,679 points, and the Nasdaq plummeting 6%. Read Next: Think you're saving enough for your kids?You might be dangerously off — see why Before you make an offer,ask these 6 questions every homebuyer should know — or face serious regret later. Image via Shutterstock Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga: APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio