Title: OpenAI Reportedly Eyes $100 Billion Ad Empire By 2030 And Plans Limited Rollout of New Cybersecurity
Date: 2026-04-12 18:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/openai-reportedly-eyes-100-billion-180118612.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) OpenAIhas reportedly projected a dramatic increase in its advertising revenue, expecting to hit $2.5 billion this year and a staggering $100 billion by 2030. The ambitious revenue forecasts of theSam Altman-led company were presented to investors, Axios reported on Thursday. OpenAI's ad pilot earned $100 million annual recurring revenue in under two months, with strong growth projected, and it told investors that it anticipates its 2026 ad revenue of $2.5 billion to rise to $11 billion in 2027, $25 billion in 2028, and $53 billion by 2029. Don't Miss: A single bad hire can set a startup back years. Here are the 5 hires founders most often misjudge — and why Experts say these common ETF pitfalls can catch new investors off guard These estimates are based on the assumption that OpenAI’s products will reach 2.75 billion weekly users by 2030, capturing a significant portion of the global ad market currently dominated by tech giants likeGoogle,Meta Platforms,Amazon.com, andTikTok. OpenAI’s revenue projections come in the wake of a significant 17% increase in the AI startup’s annualized revenue, which surpassed $25 billion as of February. The company’s ambitious growth trajectory is indicative of the increasing role of AI in ad matching, as highlighted by Google’s recent success with its AI ad machine. Google’s Gemini models have enabled more precise ad matches, leading to a revenue boost for brands and highlighting the importance of AI in capturing new search queries. While OpenAI banks on ads to expand reach while keeping data use transparent, its rival Anthropic insists its Claude AI will stay ad-free. See Also:Avoid the #1 Investing Mistake: How Your ‘Safe' Holdings Could Be Costing You Big Time In another development, OpenAI is also reportedly finalizing a model with enhanced cybersecurity capabilities through its existing “Trusted Access for Cyber” program, which it plans to release exclusively to a select group of companies, as per Axios. This move mirrors Anthropic’s limited rollout of Mythos, according to reports on Tuesday. TheDario Amodei-led company is previewing its new Mythos AI model to select tech and cybersecurity firms only, citing concerns that its advanced capabilities could exploit security flaws. The company is withholding public release until safeguards are in place. OpenAI did not immediately respond to Benzinga’s request for comments. Read Next: Skip the Regrets: The Essential Retirement Tips Experts Wish Everyone Knew Earlier. Thinking about ETFs? See what investment risks you should be aware of before you buy. Image via Shutterstock Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga: APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio