Title: AI Juggernaut Rumbles on Even as Markets Whipsaw
Date: 2026-04-11 19:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/ai-juggernaut-rumbles-even-markets-190000638.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) (Bloomberg) -- The artificial intelligence credit juggernaut keeps pushing forward as the relentless demand for exposure to the industry trumps fears that the conflict in the Middle East is causing energy prices and inflation to rise. Despite the geopolitical headwinds, Wall Street was still able to successfully stitch together tens of billions of dollars in funding to underpin the AI boom in recent weeks. The tumult may even be making AI-linked high-grade debt more appealing this year as investors seek havens. “We’re in one of those sort of self-fulfilling bull markets for AI,” said Brett Kozlowski, a portfolio manager at GW&K Investment Management LLC. “When issuance is there, we’ll fund it and by funding it they’ll issue more.” Large cash balances and low leverage levels at so-called hyperscalers such as Meta Platforms Inc. are providing solace to credit investors even as spreads remain narrow. With markets now calmer, Morgan Stanley is sticking with a pre—war estimate of $400 billion of high-grade debt issuance this year to back hyperscaler and other AI-related investments, the investment bank told Bloomberg News. Jumbo bond sales from hyperscalers alone could exceed $100 billion over the rest of the year, some bankers estimate, adding to the more than $80 billion in dollar-denominated debt already raised by Oracle Corp., Alphabet Inc., and Amazon.com Inc. in the first quarter. “If you’re a high-quality investment-grade issuer, you’re not going to have trouble because there’s just such a bid for that, especially in this environment,” said Kelly Kowalski, head of investment strategy at MassMutual. Outside of the high-grade public debt markets, CoreWeave Inc. continued its borrowing spree by selling $1.75 billion of junk bonds after striking a new deal to supply artificial intelligence computing power to Meta. Pacific Investment Management Co., meanwhile, is planning to sell on some of its $14 billion in debt financing for an Oracle data center project in Michigan through a private market for large institutional managers. That potential deal is part of a wider offering for AI-related facilities. A group of banks is disposing of $3 billion of loans for a data center in Ohio backed by Meta, while Societe Generale SA is mulling a significant risk transfer of some of its exposure to the asset class to free up capital for new deals. The success of the AI debt sales contrasts with wider jitters in credit. Blue-chip borrowers were forced to seize brief, fragile windows of calm to raise funds over the past month as the market was far from uniformly smooth. The final week of March saw more than $5 billion in outflows from US high-grade debt, the largest since April 2025 and the first weekly outflow since November, according to LSEG Lipper data. “The investment grade market has been priced for perfection and recent geopolitical noise has been a reminder that things can come out of nowhere and derail funding plans,” said Meghan Graper, global head of debt capital markets at Barclays Plc. Still, “some of the hyperscaler supply you’ve seen is indicative of borrowers getting ahead and taking advantage of attractive funding conditions.” Click for a podcast on how the BDC bust is creating bond opportunities for MFS Investment Management. Week In Review Borrowers rushed back to markets after the ceasefire between the US and Iran revived demand for corporate credit. On Wednesday, Japanese lender Mizuho led almost $26 billion of corporate bond issuance in the US. Europe’s market had its busiest day since March with the equivalent of €9.75 billion ($11.4 billion). And Asia saw its first deals in a week. The six largest US banks are expected to issue fewer bonds this quarter after the busiest start of a year on record; between $35 billion to $45 billion versus $65.8 billion in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup Inc. sold down a multi-billion dollar bridge loan backing Paramount Skydance Corp.’s takeover of Warner Bros. Discovery Inc. to a wider group of banks, a key step in one of the biggest M&A financings of the year. A lender group led by UBS Group AG financed the tie-up of two logistics firms — Echo Global Logistics and ITS Logistics — after pausing early talks to offload the debt to investors amid market volatility. A $4.9 billion Barings LLC private credit fund capped redemptions after investors asked to pull out 11.3% of the shares in the first quarter. And a $7 billion private credit fund managed by Carlyle Group Inc. capped withdrawals after requests to pull 15.7% of shares. Meanwhile, a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. private credit fund said investors sought to pull just under 5% of their cash in the first quarter, narrowly escaping the broader exodus that forced peers to cap withdrawals. Read more: Blue Owl Fund Outlook Cut to Negative by Moody’s on Outflows UBS Group AG is packaging its stakes in eight private credit funds into debt that’s backed by an insurance company, a financial maneuver that would allow the bank to cash out of the positions without having to unload them directly. S&P Global Inc. is working with banks to roll out the S&P CDX Financials Index, a credit-default swaps benchmark set to begin trading Monday that will protect against defaults by members of the gauge, including private credit funds. Developer China Vanke Co. told some bondholders that it is seeking to extend a yuan bond due this month with an offer to repay 40% of the principal upfront, as it again races to avoid default. SoftBank Corp., a unit of Japanese conglomerate SoftBank Group Corp., sold its first euro-denominated bond as founder Masayoshi Son makes a big push into AI. Mercer International Inc.’s bonds slumped after it sought to ditch rules requiring equal treatment for all creditors — a move that would give the struggling pulp producer the power to pick and choose which lenders to favor in a restructuring. Bankrupt auto-parts maker First Brands Group must give a last-minute bidder a chance to buy some of its most-recognizable brands, a federal judge ruled Tuesday. First Brands’ former chief strategy officer asked a judge to dismiss a civil lawsuit that blames him in part for the firm’s collapse, arguing that founder Patrick James and his brother, Edward, concealed the alleged fraud that brought down the company. Raízen SA and its creditors are working on a new restructuring proposal for the company’s 65 billion reais ($12.5 billion) debt load following a week of high-stakes meetings in New York. On the Move Barclays rehired Nick Fall from Goldman Sachs to help lead its US leveraged finance capital markets business. Fall will become co-head of the business alongside Alex Ranson, who joined from UBS Group AG last year. JPMorgan Asset Management appointed Miles Courage as head of private markets EMEA and global head of product for private markets. Courage was most recently chief operating officer and head of product development for JPMAM’s Global Special Situations business. Dennis Cornell, head of client coverage for the Americas at Apollo Global Management, has left the firm. Amar Reganti, a managing director and fixed-income strategist at Wellington Management, will move to Textron Inc. to help manage the aircraft maker’s $15 billion of pension fund assets. Ares Management Corp. hired former Goldman Sachs banker E.G. Morse as partner and head of Asia credit. Based in Hong Kong, Morse will replace the firm’s current head of Asia credit Edwin Wong, who is retiring by the end of June. Murilo Kuhl, a former Morgan Stanley managing director, was hired by Banco Itau BBA as head of international debt capital markets and loan syndication. More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio