Title: JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon Just Echoed Warren Buffett's Warning From 26 Years Ago
Date: 2026-04-11 06:55
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/11/jpmorgan-ceo-jamie-dimon-just-echoed-warren-buffet/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
This fact about the market hasn't changed and it never will. As CEO of a global bank, Jamie Dimon is keen to pay attention to broad global economic drivers and geopolitical risks. He outlines his ideas for investors in his letter to shareholders every year, which contains valuable insights into asset pricing and investor risks. It can be a great read even if you don't ownJPMorgan Chasestock. In this year's letter, Dimon echoed a warning shared by investing legendWarren Buffettabout 26 years ago. There's no doubt that today's market shares some similarities with the dot-com-fueled stock market we saw at the turn of the century. For example, theS&P 500(^GSPC0.11%)trades at an elevated valuation. In many ways, however, it's worlds different. Still, the warning applies just as much today as it did back then, and it could have a tremendous impact on the entire stock market. Image source: Getty Images. In a November 1999 article published inFortunemagazine, Buffett explained that one of the most important factors affecting investment results is interest rates. "These act on financial valuations the way gravity acts on matter," he wrote. "The higher the rate, the greater the downward pull." At the time, interest rates were heading higher, but investors' expectations for returns, as seen in the earnings multiples they were willing to pay, were also climbing. Buffett warned that for those expectations to work out, investors need to expect significant rate cuts. To be sure, the Federal Reserve started slashing interest rates in 2001, but that was in response to a weakening economy that led to the dot-com bubble popping. Stock prices still didn't recover in response to the Fed's action, but it could have been much worse without the Fed lowering interest rates. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Dimon warned that the current economic environment could also weigh on investors, but the bigger worry is inflation rising (regardless of a recession). That would lead to higher interest rates. "Interest rates are like gravity to almost all asset prices," Dimon said, echoing Buffett's words in his recent letter to shareholders. The logic behind why interest rates are so influential hasn't changed and never will. Investors are willing to accept risk in exchange for higher expected returns. When interest rates climb, investors can receive a higher risk-free return by investing inTreasury bonds. That means the returns demanded for assets like stocks need to move higher. But a business can't just magically increase its earnings. So, the only way to increase the expected return for the stock is to buy it at a lower price. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. We saw this play out in 2022. As the Fed raised interest rates, stock prices fell as investors could earn much better returns from Treasury bonds. That led to a bear market in stocks at the same time that bonds fell in value. Dimon's warning points to the potential for inflation to be "the skunk at the party." Steadily rising inflation would lead to higher interest rates, or at least higher than the market anticipates today. Indeed, recent data points show inflation is starting to rise again after the Fed's efforts to bring inflation down over the last few years. The Core Personal Consumption Expenditures Price Index, the Fed's preferred inflation measure, increased 3% year over year in February. That's slightly better than the 3.1% core inflation we saw in January, but still above the levels seen in 2025. Importantly, the data used were collected before the launch of the war in Iran, which could exacerbate inflationary pressures. The Consumer Price Index (CPI) for March hit 3.3% as energy prices spiked as a result of the conflict. Core CPI was still 2.6% higher last month, lower than last year and in line with the last few months. Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell noted at last month's FOMC meeting that inflation expectations have climbed so far this year, with the median projection now sitting at 2.7% for 2026. The prospects for further rate cuts have significantly worsened. Futures traders now expect rates to remain steady through the end of the year. Prior to the most recent meeting, they were pricing in expectations for one or two cuts with an outside chance for three cuts. Now traders are pricing in a small chance that the Fed will actually hike rates. The stock market has experienced significant volatility amid the Iran war. However, prices and valuations still remain fairly elevated despite the worsening outlook for interest rates. While we might not be headed for a redux of 26 years ago, investors should consider the impact of interest rates on long-term returns and seek value in today's market.     Before you buy shares in theS&P 500 Index, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and theS&P 500 Indexwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  JPMorgan Chase is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.Adam Levyhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends JPMorgan Chase. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 