Title: Pilot taps ExxonMobil exec as new CFO
Date: 2026-04-10 08:28
URL: https://www.cstoredive.com/news/pilot-taps-exxonmobil-exec-as-new-cfo/817173/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
 Let C-Store Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.  Jeremy Osterstock joins during a busy start to 2026 for Pilot, which recently overhauled its food operations and redesigned its mobile app. Pilot Company hashired Jeremy Osterstockas executive vice president and chief financial officer, the travel center chain said in a LinkedIn announcement on Thursday. Osterstockleads all financial-related activitiesand accountability at Pilot, including the retailer’s company-wide financial operations, accounting, forecasting, strategic planning, deal analysis and negotiations, according to his company bio. He joins Pilot after spending most of the past two decades with fuels, lubricants and chemical company ExxonMobil. “With more than two decades of global leadership experience, Jeremy is known for his focus on developing people, building strong teams and creating long‑term value,” Pilot said in its LinkedIn post. “His leadership and passion for working collaboratively and supporting organizations through growth and change will continue to help strengthen Pilot for the future.” Osterstock succeeded Joe Lillo, whobecame Pilot’s CFO in April 2023. Lillo had previously worked for parent company Berkshire Hathaway for more than 25 years. In a statement to C-Store Dive, a Pilot spokesperson said Lillo will remain with the company as interim controller to transition the CFO role to Osterstock before pursuing new opportunities later this year. Prior to joining Pilot, Osterstock was CFO of ExxonMobil’s Upstream unit for the past two years, according to his LinkedIn bio. He previously held several other leadership positions with the company since the turn of the century, including VP of basestocks and waxes; assistant controller; manager of planning and financial markets; and senior financial advisor.Osterstock joins Pilot during what’s been a busy start to 2026 for the retailer from a financial and investment perspective. Since January, Pilotoverhauled its foodservice operations, redesigned itsmobile app, deployed a newpoint-of-sale systemacross its stores and partnered with Tesla to build a series ofelectric semi-truck charging stations. Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts From stand-alone spin-off brands to in-tunnel entertainment, operators are turning the wash bay into a loyalty driver. Here’s a close look at some surging players that are taking advantage of other retailers’ exits in an evolving consumer landscape. Subscribe to C-Store Dive for top news, trends & analysis Sign up for the freenewsletter. Interested? Explore more of whathas to offer. Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email fromnewsletter@ittnewsletter.comTo ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Want to share a company announcement with your peers? Get started➔ From stand-alone spin-off brands to in-tunnel entertainment, operators are turning the wash bay into a loyalty driver. Here’s a close look at some surging players that are taking advantage of other retailers’ exits in an evolving consumer landscape. The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines