Title: This Is How Microsoft Is Making Money from AI Right Now
Date: 2026-04-12 20:58
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/this-is-how-microsoft-is-making-money-from-ai-righ/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Copilot and Azure are boosting the company's profits. Investors are growing increasingly worried about whether the massive amounts of money being spent on artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure will ever pay off. This is a fair question. Tech giants' management teams will tell investors that AI is a must-invest space, and assert that the risk of underspending and being left behind is far greater than the risk of overspending. Still, data center companies are pouring hundreds of billions of dollars into their buildouts, and investors aren't going to tolerate these sorts of capital expenditures indefinitely if there are no returns on investment in sight. However, some AI hyperscalers are actually making money from AI right now, and there is a clear pathway to making more. How isMicrosoft(MSFT0.60%)doing it? Let's take a look. Image source: Getty Images. There are two primary ways Microsoft is making money from AI: Copilot and Azure. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Let's start with Copilot, Microsoft's AI tool that it has embedded into nearly every Microsoft Office product. Subscribers must pay extra to access this add-on, which has allowed Microsoft to boost its revenues from its core software offerings. However, it's far less exciting than Azure. Azure isMicrosoft's cloud computing division,which is seeing strong growth as a result of increasing AI demand. Azure grew its revenue by 39% year over year in the fourth quarter, and that growth rate would have been even higher if Microsoft had leased more of its new computing capacity to external customers rather than dedicating it to internal use. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. The idea behind cloud computing is fairly simple: Microsoft builds excess computing capacity and then rents that out to customers that need it. Most companies lack the resources and expertise necessary to build their own AI data centers. So, they are perfectly content renting from Azure. Furthermore, most clients don't want to keep an asset like a data center on their balance sheet. Azure is a usage-based or subscription-based service; either way, Microsoft makes more money as its service gets used more. As AI demand rises, so will Microsoft's revenue. Currently, Microsoft is in the process of expanding its capacity so it can fulfill a massive $625 billion backlog for AI computing. This is what's spurring Microsoft to spend more on AI computing capacity, as what is already online isn't close to what would be needed to run an AI-first economy. However, the revenue it will generate over the long term from the Azure business will far outpace what it's spending, making Microsoft's spending a good idea and the stock a smart investment,as long as you stay focused on the long term.     Before you buy stock inMicrosoft, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andMicrosoftwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Keithen Druryhas positions in Microsoft. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Microsoft. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 