Title: Chevron finds oil at Gulf of Mexico’s Bandit prospect
Date: 2026-04-10 07:56
URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/chevron-finds-oil-gulf-of-americas-bandit/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Occidental operates the Bandit prospect with a 45.375% interest, while Chevron and Woodside hold 37.125% and 17.5%, respectively. Chevron has made an oil discovery at the Bandit prospect approximately 125 miles south of the Louisiana coast in the Gulf of Mexico (GoM). The exploration well in Green Canyon Block 680 discovered high-quality Miocene sands containing full-to-base oil. Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more Occidental Petroleum operates the Bandit prospect with a 45.375% working interest, alongside co-owners Chevron with a 37.125% stake and Woodside Energy with 17.5%. The co-owners are evaluating the results to determine the next steps. The discovery could lead to subsea tie-backs to a nearby Occidental-operated facility and other locations in the area. Occidental subsurface technology senior vice-president and chief petrotechnical officer Jeff Simmons said: “Occidental is focused on strengthening our Gulf of America portfolio. “We believe this discovery demonstrates the continued importance of the Gulf of America as a strategic source of reliable domestic oil supply that supports long-term energy security.” Chevron concentrates on investing in a balanced and diverse portfolio that includes both infrastructure-enabled and high-impact frontier exploration opportunities. As the largest leaseholder in the GoM, Chevron manages a portfolio of both operated and non-operated assets. Discoveries such as Bandit contribute to its deep-water capabilities. Chevron exploration vice-president Kevin McLachlan said: “Bandit demonstrates our exploration strategy in action and reinforces the high-quality opportunities in the prolific deep-water Gulf of America. “We are working with our co-owners to advance appraisal and development planning in a disciplined manner, leveraging existing infrastructure to help deliver competitive barrels.” In February 2026, Chevron and HELLENiQ ENERGYsigned lease agreementswith the Hellenic Republic to begin exploration in four offshore blocks in Greece. Executed through Chevron’s Dutch subsidiaries, the agreements cover two blocks south of Crete and two south of the Peloponnese. Together, the South Crete 1, South Crete 2, South of Peloponnese and Block A2 concessions span approximately 47,000km².  Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.  Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit ourPrivacy Policyfor more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. View all newslettersfrom across the GlobalData Media network. Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation Powered by © GlobalData Plc 2026 网站运行离不开这些 Cookie 且您不能在系统中将其关闭。通常仅根据您所做出的操作（即服务请求）来设置这些 Cookie，如设置隐私偏好、登录或填充表格。您可以将您的浏览器设置为阻止或向您提示这些 Cookie，但可能会导致某些网站功能无法工作。 这些 Cookie 允许提供增强功能和个性化内容，如视频和实时聊天。我们或我们已将其服务添加至我们页面上的第三方提供者可以进行设置。如果您不允许使用这些 Cookie，则可能无法实现部分或全部功能的正常工作。 这些 Cookie 由广告合作伙伴通过我们的网站进行设置。这些公司可能利用 Cookie 构建您的兴趣分布图并向您展示其他网站上的相关广告。它们只需识别您的浏览器和设备便可发挥作用。如果您不允许使用这些 Cookie，您将不能体验不同网站上的定向广告。 使用 Cookie，我们可以计算访问量和流量来源，以便衡量和提高我们网站的性能。Cookie 有助于我们了解哪些页面最受欢迎、哪些最不受欢迎，并查看访问者如何浏览网站。这些 Cookie 收集的所有信息都聚合在一起，因此是匿名处理方式。如果您不允许使用这些 Cookie，我们将不知道您何时访问了我们的网站。 