Title: CFOs On the Move_ Week ending April 10
Date: 2026-04-10 09:18
URL: https://www.cfo.com/news/cfos-on-the-move-april-10-2026-Kyle-Epley-Caterpillar-Hilary-Maxson-Oracle-Anthony-Armstrong-xAI/817156/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
 Let CFO.com’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.  Caterpillar finds a successor CFO, Oracle poaches a Schneider Electrifc finance chief and xAI reportedly parts ways with its chief financial officer. Construction giant Caterpillar has namedKyle Epleyfinance chief, effective May 1. He’s set to succeedAndrew Bonfield, who is retiring but will take on advisory role starting that date through Oct. 1. In a Wednesday news release, Caterpillar CEO Joe Creed said that Bonfield’s leadership “has been instrumental to Caterpillar’s success.” Epley, meanwhile, comes to the role after almost 30 years of experience with the company. He currently serves as senior vice president of global finance services. Oracle has appointedHilary Maxsonas chief financial officer. She previously served as executive vice president and group CFO of Schneider Electric, which she first joined in 2017. Before that, Maxson spent a dozen years in senior leadership roles at AESDoug Kehring, who previously served as principal financial officer at Oracle, transitioned out of that role upon Maxson’s appointment, which took effect April 6. He’ll continue to serve as executive vice president of operations,The Wall Street Journal reported. Just about six months after being appointed finance chief of Elon Musk’s artificial intelligence company xAI,Anthony Armstronghas reportedly departed. That’s according to a Thursdayarticle by tech news site The Information, which cited two people familiar with the matter. A former Morgan Stanley banker and senior adviser for the Trump administration, Armstrong also led financial operations of social media platform X, formerly known as Twitter. Armstrong’s departure came as part of wider “C-Suite shakeups” at Musk’s businesses, according to The Information. Levi Strauss & Co., maker of Levi’s clothing, announced thatHarmit Singh, the company’s executive vice president and chief financial and growth officer, will retire. He’ll remain in the role until the company finds a successor. In a news release, Levi Strauss President and CEO Michelle Gass said that Singh, who has been with the jeans manufacturer for 13 years, “played an important role in taking the company public.” Levi Strauss went public in 2019. Keep up with the story. Subscribe to the CFO.com free daily newsletter Financial data firm FactSet has appointedJoshua Warrenas CFO, effective April 13. He’s set to succeedHelen Shan, who is departing the company. Warren, a former BlackRock executive, most recently worked as chief financial officer of fintech firm Envestnet. His prior roles include vice president at Barclays Investment Bank and associate at Foros, according to his LinkedIn profile. Marcus has promoted CFOJeffry Tomachekto president of Marcus Theatres, the company’s national movie theater chain division. He’s set to succeed Mark Gramz, who’s retiring on May 1. Marcus Corp. CEO Gregory Marcus noted that the company had conducted a “thorough national search for this critical role.” Tomacheck joined Marcus Theatres in 1998 as division controller. He was appointed executive vice president and CFO in 2020. Marriott International’s former CFOKathleen Oberghas joined the board of directors of fast-food giant Yum! Brands. Oberg served as Marriott’s finance chief from 2016 through 2026,when she retired. She worked at the hotel company for almost three decades. Yum CEO Chris Turner said that Oberg’s experience “will be an asset as we work to raise the bar across our business and accelerate strong unit economics for our franchisees.” Yum operates over 63,000 restaurants around the globe, including KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut. Expense management firm BrightFin has tappedThomas Conwayas chief financial officer. He joins the firm following its acquisition by Proven Optics earlier this year. He previously served as CFO of IntelePeer Cloud Communications, according to his LinkedIn profile. Before that, he held the same role at software firm Conductor. For over a dozen years, he also served as CFO of software firm Amber Road, which was acquired by E2open in 2019. Get the free daily newsletter with financial industry insights and practical advice for CFOs. A resource to help finance leaders track the state-by-state changes to CPA requirements. Monthly updates on interesting takes from CFOs on their company’s earnings calls. Get the free daily newsletter with financial industry insights and practical advice for CFOs. Sign up for the freenewsletter. Interested? Explore more of whathas to offer. Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email fromnewsletter@ittnewsletter.comTo ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from Get the free daily newsletter with financial industry insights and practical advice for CFOs. Want to share a company announcement with your peers? Get started➔ A resource to help finance leaders track the state-by-state changes to CPA requirements. Monthly updates on interesting takes from CFOs on their company’s earnings calls. The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines