Title: Here Are Friday’s Top Wall Street Analyst Research Calls_ Autodesk, Delek US Holdings, Insmed, Nike,
Date: 2026-04-10 11:51
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/10/here-are-fridays-top-wall-street-analyst-research-calls-autodesk-delek-us-holdings-insmed-nike-nutanix-servicenow-shake-shack-southern-copper-veeva-systems-and-more/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Investing Stocks finished higher Thursday despite the confusion over the ability of ships to pass through the Strait of Hormuz. With first-quarter earnings beginning with the big money center banks next week, investors’ attention will turn to the results. Investors should be careful going forward, as the Iran War and economic factors will likely determine the direction of the stock market next week. The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks.Get them here FREE. Sending You to Google News in3 © mezzotint / Shutterstock.com  The futuresare trading mixed as we approach the end of one of the most volatile and wild trading weeks in recent memory. After starting the day lower on Thursday as mixed reports on the success of the ships passing through the Strait of Hormuz rolled in, stocks gained momentum as the day progressed, and by the close, all of the major indices finished the day higher. That may change as we finish the week, but Thursday was a positive day for stocks, with the Nasdaq leading the way higher, closing at 22,822, up 0.83%, while the S&P 500 was last seen at 6,824, up 0.62%. The small-cap Russell 2000 closed at 2,636, up 0.60%, and the Dow Jones Industrials were last seen on Thursday at 48,185, up 0.58%. Yields weremixed across the Treasury curve as confusion over the Iran war and the passage of oil tankers continues to cloud the investment waters. The sellers returned for the shorter maturities, but for the third straight session, buyers were grabbing the belly of the curve and the longer-dated maturities. The 30-year bond closed at 4.89%, while the 10-year note was last at 4.28%. After a massive sell-off on Wednesday, oil prices traded higher on Thursday. Still, volatility and volume cooled somewhat as Wall Street analysts weighed the current state of the war and the outlook for oil supply. Brent crude closed the day at $95.92, up 1.23%, while West Texas Intermediate was last seen at $98.40, up 0.54%. Natural gas closed unchanged at $2.67. The precious metals arena was mostly quiet after a wild week that saw some big moves in the major metals. Gold closed trading at $4,756, down 0.20%, while Silver closed slightly higher, up 0.20%, at $75.64. Crypto markets experienced a mixed, volatile day on Thursday, struggling to maintain early-week gains as initial enthusiasm over a potential Middle East ceasefire began to fade. While Bitcoin held key support levels above $70,000 and traded in a tight range, several crypto-linked equities saw significant declines. At 8 AM EDT, Bitcoin was trading at $71,990, while Ethereum was trading at $2,202. 24/7 Wall St. reviewsdozens of analyst research reports daily to identify new investment ideas for both investors and traders. Some of these daily analyst calls cover stocks to buy. Other calls cover stocks to sell or avoid. Remember that no single analyst call should ever be used as a basis to buy or sell a stock. Here aresome of the top Wall Street analyst upgrades, downgrades, and initiations seen on Friday, April 10, 2026.    Wall Street is pouring billions into AI, but most investors are buying the wrong stocks. The analyst who first identified NVIDIA as a buy back in 2010 — before its 28,000% run — has just pinpointed 10 new AI companies he believes could deliver outsized returns from here. One dominates a $100 billion equipment market. Another is solving the single biggest bottleneck holding back AI data centers. A third is a pure-play on an optical networking market set to quadruple. Most investors haven't heard of half these names.Get the free list of all 10 stocks here. Lee Jackson has covered Wall Street analysts' equity and debt research and equity strategy daily for 24/7 Wall St. since 2012. His broad and diverse career, which included a stint as the creative services director at the NBC affiliate in Austin, Texas, gives him unique insight into the financial industry and world. Lee Jackson's journey in the financial industry spans over 30 years, with nearly two decades as an institutional equity salesperson at Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Morgan Stanley. His career was marked by his presence on the sell side during pivotal Wall Street events, from the dot.com rise and bubble to the Long Term Capital Management debacle, 9/11, and the Great Recession of 2008. This is a testament to his resilience and adaptability in the face of market volatility. Lee Jackson’s practical financial industry experience, acquired from a career at some of the biggest banks and brokerage firms, is complemented by a lifetime of writing on various platforms. This unique combination allows him to shed light on the intricacies and workings of Wall Street in a way that only someone with deep insider experience and knowledge can. Moreover, his extensive network across Wall Street continues to provide direct access for him and 24/7 Wall St., a privilege few firms enjoy. Since 2012, Jackson’s work for 24/7 Wall St. has been featured in Barron’s, Yahoo Finance, MarketWatch, Business Insider, TradingView, Real Money, The Street, Seeking Alpha, Benzinga, and other media outlets. He attended the prestigious Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, and has a degree in broadcasting from the Specs Howard School of Media Arts. Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later. Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading lower as we prepare to wrap up a rollercoaster week marked by huge market swings.… Pre-Market Stock Futures: Futures are trading higher as we prepare to wrap up one of the worst trading weeks in… Pre-Market Stock Futures:The futures are trading higher as we get ready to close out a volatility-filled week that saw a… Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading mixed as we get ready to kick off the first-quarter earnings season next week, and,… Pre-Market Stock Futures:The futures are trading lower after a dreadful Friday and week, one that could be laying the foundation… Pre-Market Stock Futures: Futures are trading higher after a stellar and surprising January jobs report as we get to the… Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading lower as we prepare to end another up-and-down week, and, as we mentioned before, it… Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading lower this morning, as issues in the Strait of Hormuz get murkier. Depending on how… Friday’s top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations include Cablevision, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Flextronics, GoPro, Nabors, Ocwen Financial, Pier 1 Imports…