Title: Wells Fargo Q1 Earnings on the Deck_ What's in Store for the Stock_
Date: 2026-04-10 15:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/wells-fargo-q1-earnings-deck-150800424.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) Wells Fargo & CompanyWFC is slated to report first-quarter 2026 earnings results on April 14, 2026, before market open. WFC’s 2025 performance benefited from higher non-interest income and lower provisions. However, an increase in expenses and a decline in net interest income (NII) acted as spoilsports. This time around, the company’s performance is likely to have been decent. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter revenues of $21.73 billion suggests 7.8% year-over-year growth. In the past seven days, the consensus estimate for earnings for the to-be-reported quarter has been unchanged at $1.57. The figure indicates a 23.6% improvement from the prior-year quarter’s actual. Estimate Revision Trend  Image Source: Zacks Investment Research  The company also has an impressive earnings surprise history. Its earnings outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, the average surprise being 7.53%. Earnings Surprise History  Image Source: Zacks Investment Research  Loans & NII:In the first quarter, the Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged. Per the Fed’s latest data, the demand for commercial and industrial and consumer loans was impressive in the first two months of the quarter, while real estate loan demand was subdued. Hence, a decent lending scenario and stabilizing funding/deposit costs are expected to have offered much-needed support to WFC’s NII. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for NII is pegged at $12.3 billion, which indicates a 6.9% rise from the year-ago quarter reported number. Non-Interest Revenues:The first quarter was challenging for the mortgage banking business. It was characterized by elevated mortgage rates, hovering at 6-6.5%, and low affordability. While refinance activity has seen a slight boost from the 2025 lows, purchase volume faced pressure from inventory constraints.As a result, Wells Fargo’s mortgage banking fees are expected to have been affected in the quarter to be reported. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for mortgage banking revenues is pegged at $283 million, suggesting a 14.8% decline from the year-ago reported level. Meanwhile, investment advisory and other asset-based fee revenues are likely to have benefited from increased transactional activity. The consensus mark for investment advisory and other asset-based fee revenues is pegged at $2.9 billion, indicating a year-over-year rise of 12.8%. Deal-making activity was impressive in the first quarter of 2026 despite the Middle Eastern conflict and the ensuing uncertainty about its impacts on the economy in the last month of the quarter. While the global mergers and acquisitions (M&As) volume declined year over year, deal value rose as big transactions dominated the space. This is likely to have offered some support to WFC’s investment banking (IB) revenues in the quarter to be reported. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for IB income is pegged at $880.7 million, which indicates a rise of 13.6% on a year-over-year basis. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Card fees is pegged at $1.1 billion, suggesting a 5.2% rise from the prior-year quarter’s reported level. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Wells Fargo’s total non-interest income is pegged at $9.5 billion, indicating a 9.4% rise from the year-ago quarter reported figure. Expenses:WFC’s expenses are expected to have witnessed a modest decline in the first quarter of 2026, given its prudent expense management initiatives, including the streamlining of its organizational structure, closure of branches and reduction in headcount. Asset Quality:We expect the company to set aside a huge amount of money for potential delinquent loans amid a challenging operating backdrop, marked by the Middle East conflict and persistent inflation. The consensus mark for total non-accrual loans is pegged at $8.4 billion, suggesting a year-over-year rise of 5%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for non-performing assets of $8.6 billion indicates a 4.9% increase from the year-ago reported level. Our proven model does not conclusively predict an earnings beat for Wells Fargo this time around. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy), or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat. That is not the case here, as you can see below. The Earnings ESP for WFC is -0.14%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they are reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. Wells Fargo currently carries a Zacks Rank of 3. You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. In the first quarter of 2026, WFC shares delivered a subdued performance, lagging the industry and its close peers,Bank of AmericaBAC andCitigroupC. Price Performance  Image Source: Zacks Investment Research  Bank of America is slated to announce quarterly numbers on April 15, whereas Citigroup will release results on April 14. Over the past week, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for Citigroup’s first-quarter 2026 earnings has been revised upward to $2.64. The consensus estimate for Bank of America has been unchanged at 99 cents. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) : Free Stock Analysis Report Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio