Title: Where Will Bank of America Stock Be in 5 Years_
Date: 2026-04-12 11:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/where-will-bank-of-america-stock-be-in-5-years/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Despite its dominant industry position, the bank has underperformed the S&P 500 in the past five years. In the past five years, theS&P 500index put up a total return of 78% (as of April 9). Despite being one of thelargest financial institutionsin the world,Bank of America(BAC0.32%)came up well short of the benchmark. The bank's total return was just 48%. Where will Bank of America shares be in five years? Image source: Getty Images. For investors looking to put money to work over the long term, it's important to stick to high-quality businesses. Bank of America easily falls into this category. Since it's a topBerkshire Hathawayholding, it certainly has a stamp of approval from the Oracle of Omaha. Bank of America has legitimate staying power, which means that it faces minimal threat (or perhaps no threat at all) of being disrupted. That's because its products and services, which span a broad range of activities from consumer and corporate banking to wealth management and capital markets, are essential to help our economy function smoothly. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Like its peers, Bank of America's financial performance is influenced by changing interest rates. Lower or higher rates have puts and takes. The former can boost lending activity, but at lower yields. The latter can deter demand from borrowers, but at higher yields. Rates also have a direct impact on what the company pays depositors or its ability to raise capital from other sources. No one has any idea what the Federal Reserve will do this year or over the next five years. That doesn't matter. Bank of America has handled changing macro regimes in the past. There's no reason to believe it can't successfully navigate things going forward, even if there's a recession. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. To figure out where this financial stock will be in five years, investors should consider two critical factors. The first one is thecurrent valuation. Bank of America shares are trading down 6% in the past three months, so there is a dip opportunity to take advantage of. The stock can be bought at a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.2. Profits are another variable that investors must consider. Between 2025 and 2028, consensus analyst estimates call for Bank of America's diluted earnings per share (EPS) to grow at a compound annual rate of 13.2%. This would be a solid pace that might continue in the years after the forecast period. If we assume that the stock's valuation multiple is the same in April 2031 as it is today, then investors can register returns that resemble EPS growth. Based on the current price of $52.71, this puts the shares at around $98 in five years.     Before you buy stock inBank of America, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andBank of Americawasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Bank of America is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.Neil Patelhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 