Title: Mark Your Calendar_ Oklo Could Be a Very Different Stock After July 4
Date: 2026-04-10 20:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/10/mark-your-calendar-oklo-could-be-a-very-different/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oklo could reach a critical technological milestone in early July. In the coming decades, a new $10 trillion opportunity will be available, according to a new report fromBank of America. The bank is deeming this coming opportunity a "nuclear renaissance." The thesis here is simple. Theartificial intelligence (AI) industryis expanding rapidly. But to make AI possible, the industry needs a lot of power, mainly to service the electricity needs ofdata centers. The current grid and electricity generation capacity isn't capable of servicing these rising needs. And so we'll need other sources of power -- clean, reliable sources that can be built quickly and expanded as needed. Bank of America thinksnuclear energyis a perfect solution to this dilemma. AndOklo's(OKLO+5.24%)novel approach, which uses small modular reactors (SMRs), should play an important role. There's just one problem: Oklo's technology has very limited real-world validation. But that could all change on July 4. Last year, Oklo was selected to participate in the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Reactor Pilot Program. Oklo qualified for two projects out of the three total selected projects. Atomic Alchemy -- which Oklolater acquired-- was selected for one project. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. The Reactor Pilot Program was initiated in the middle of 2025 based on an executive order that directed the DOE "to take a leading role in unleashing the American nuclear renaissance." The ultimate goal of this program is to fast-track commercial licensing for new reactor designs. Progress toward that goal would begin with "at least three advanced nuclear reactor concepts located outside of the national laboratories" reaching criticality by July 4, 2026. Reaching criticality is just technical jargon for when a reactor is proven capable of achieving a self-sustaining, but not growing, reaction -- a critical proof point for the design's ability to produce sustainable power over the long term. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. Image source: Getty Images. Oklo hasn't released an exact timeline yet. But there's growing confidence among experts that the company will be able to reach criticality in one of its reactors before the deadline set by the Reactor Pilot Program. "I fully expect that it will reach criticality by July 4," Jeff Brown, CEO of Brownstone Research, said in an article regarding Oklo's Texas-based Groves Isotopes Test Reactor. Achieving criticality would be an expected, but nonetheless powerful, proof point for Oklo's technological approach to nuclear. It could speed up the pathway for other DOE approvals, as well as the licensing process for the Nuclear Regulatory Council -- a key bottleneck for scaling Oklo's reactors. Oklo wants to get its first project online by the end of 2027. Reaching criticality by July 4 would give the market much higher confidence that it can reach this aggressive target.     Before you buy stock inOklo, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andOklowasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026.  Bank of America is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.Ryan Vanzohas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport *$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 12, 2026. 