Title: Global Funds Flee Indian Stocks at Record Pace on Growth Fears
Date: 2026-04-11 03:13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/global-funds-flee-indian-stocks-031305645.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) (Bloomberg) -- Global funds are dumping Indian equities at a record clip as an energy shock from the US-Iran war threatens to derail the outlook of the world’s fastest-growing major economy. In just over three months, they have pulled $18.84 billion from local shares, edging past the full-year record outflow of $18.79 billion seen in 2025, according Central Depository Services India Ltd. The sustained selling has kept markets under pressure, and even a modest rebound following a temporary ceasefire earlier this week has done little to lift the mood. Local shares remain bruised, with over $600 billion wiped off their value from last year’s peak. India’s $4.8 trillion equity market is losing some of its relative appeal, as global capital rotates toward artificial intelligence-linked economies where semiconductor demand is the bigger driver. The oil crisis has magnified existing concerns for the country — from recent rupee volatility to a still-fragile earnings recovery — while also underlining another problem: a lack of a clear catalyst to bring foreign money back. “Indian stocks are missing a narrative,” said Abhishek Thepade, an Oslo-based portfolio manager with DNB Asset Management AS. “Earnings are undergoing a cyclical slowdown while weakening currency and impact of artificial intelligence on local software companies also impacts the outlook.” Although tech-heavy South Korea and Taiwan saw larger headline outflows in March — totaling $24 billion and $29 billion respectively — the peace deal may given them a stronger boost by refocusing investor attention on AI-driven chip demand, a factor largely absent in India. That gap is already showing up in flows. South Korean and Taiwanese equities have seen inflows of $3.6 billion and $5.6 billion, respectively, so far this month. In contrast, global funds have pulled $3 billion from Indian equities, data compiled by Bloomberg show. To be sure, domestic money continues to cushion the blow. Mutual funds and institutions have poured in $31 billion this year, with retail investors doubling down via record inflows into monthly equity investment plans last month even amid heightened volatility. Still, that support has not been enough to counter persistent foreign selling. Some investors see scope for a reversal once the Middle East tensions ease. “Now that India’s valuations have become reasonable, foreign flows could return once the current geopolitical uncertainty settles, though the timing remains uncertain,” said Harsha Upadhyaya, chief investment officer for equities at Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Co. Still, a steady retreat by global funds has led to more than $34 billion of outflows from Indian equities over the past two years through March — a period that’s seen MSCI Inc.’s India gauge trail regional peers in all but two of the past eight quarters. The Nifty 50 Index is down 8% this year, while the foreign exodus had recently pushed the rupee to record lows, forcing the central bank to step in to stabilize the currency. Even after a recent moderation, valuations remain a sticking point. The Nifty 50 remains expensive relative to emerging-market peers, BofA Securities said in a note this week, adding it expects India to lag behind rivals. More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio