Title: Best CD rates today, April 11, 2026 (best account provides 4.05% APY)
Date: 2026-04-11 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/personal-finance/banking/article/best-cd-rates-today-saturday-april-11-2026-100000837.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) Some offers on this page are from advertisers who pay us, which may affect which products we write about, but not our recommendations. See ourAdvertiser Disclosure. Find out how much you could earn by locking in a high CD rate today. The Federal Reserve cut its federal funds rate three times in 2025, so now could be your last chance to lock in acompetitive CD ratebefore rates fall further. CD rates vary widely across financial institutions, so it’s important to ensure you’re getting the best rate possible when shopping around for a CD. The following is a breakdown of CD rates today and where to find the best offers. Generally, the best CD rates today are offered on shorter terms of around one year or less. Online banks and credit unions, in particular, offer the top CD rates. Today, the highest CD rate is 4.05% APY. This rate is offered byMarcus by Goldman Sachson its 9-month CD. Here is a look at some of the best CD rates available today: The amount of interest you can earn from a CD depends on theannual percentage rate(APY). This is a measure of your total earnings after one year when considering the base interest rate and how often interest compounds (CD interest typically compounds daily or monthly). Say you invest $1,000 in a one-year CD with 1.52% APY, and interest compounds monthly. At the end of that year, your balance would grow to $1,015.20 — your initial $1,000 deposit, plus $15.20 in interest. Now let’s say you choose a one-year CD that offers 4% APY instead. In this case, your balance would grow to $1,040.74 over the same period, which includes $40.74 in interest. The more you deposit in a CD, the more you stand to earn. If we took our same example of a one-year CD at 4% APY, but deposit $10,000, your total balance when the CD matures would be $10,407.42, meaning you’d earn $407.42 in interest. ​​ Read more:What is a good CD rate? When choosing a CD, the interest rate is usually top of mind. However, the rate isn’t the only factor you should consider. There are several types of CDs that offer different benefits, though you may need to accept a slightly lower interest rate in exchange for more flexibility. Here’s a look at some of the common types of CDs you can consider beyond traditional CDs: Bump-up CD:This type of CD allows you to request a higher interest rate if your bank's rates go up during the account’s term. However, you’re usually allowed to "bump up" your rate just once. No-penalty CD:Also known as a liquid CD, type of CD gives you the option to withdraw your funds before maturity without paying a penalty. Jumbo CD:These CDs require a higher minimum deposit (usually $100,000 or more), and often offer higher interest rate in return. In today’s CD rate environment, however, the difference between traditional and jumbo CD rates may not be much. Brokered CD:As the name suggests, these CDs are purchased through a brokerage rather than directly from a bank. Brokered CDs can sometimes offer higher rates or more flexible terms, but they also carry more risk and might not be FDIC-insured.