Title: Wary Investors Eye Another Escalation in Iran War
Date: 2026-04-12 21:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wary-investors-eye-another-escalation-195006299.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) (Bloomberg) -- The prospect that the Iran war will reintensify after the failure of peace talks threatens to spark fresh volatility across global markets, after a week that saw a fragile ceasefire drive stocks up and oil down by the most this year. After the US and Iran were unable to reach a deal in negotiations over the weekend, President Donald Trump said the US will blockade the Strait of Hormuz. He posted on social media that “Any Iranian who fires at us, or at peaceful vessels, will be BLOWN TO HELL!” Iran, meanwhile, said it wouldn’t allow the US to blockade the waterway, which carried about a fifth of global oil and liquefied natural gas before the conflict. The escalating rhetoric heightens the focus on the truce between the two sides, which triggered a sharp rally for risky assets last week, with the S&P 500 Index climbing more than 3.5%, an MSCI gauge of emerging-market equities rising 7.4%, and Bitcoin surging almost 10%. Futures on West Texas Intermediate oil tumbled 13.4% through Friday, while Brent ended at around $95 a barrel, down from roughly $112 in March. Trading resumes in earnest for US stocks, Treasuries and oil at 6 p.m. New York time on Sunday. In early trading in Sydney to start the week, haven demand boosted the US dollar against major peers. “The ‘peace dividend’ many traders priced in last Thursday and Friday is likely to evaporate” at the start of this week, said Francis Tan, Asia chief strategist at Indosuez Wealth in Singapore. “The failure of the talks shifts the mood back to defensive.” Trump said the US will interdict any vessel that has paid a toll to Iran for safe passage through Hormuz and will clear mines in the strait. US forces will begin implementing a blockade of all maritime traffic entering and leaving Iranian ports on Monday at 10 a.m. New York time, the US Central Command said. A blockade will add pressure to global oil markets by choking off the remaining trickle of shipments that have continued to move through the waterway. Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps said any military vessels attempting to approach the strait “under any pretext” would be considered a violation of the ceasefire, according to Iranian state TV. Separately, Iran’s military adviser to the Supreme Leader said the country’s armed forces won’t permit the US to blockade the strait. Investor Calculus Handicapping how markets will react to headlines has been a fraught process since the conflict erupted at the end of February. Big swings have been common as the US and Iran postured for negotiating advantage. “Most investors that I know haven’t cut their positions — they are staying in the market but avoiding hard directional bets,” said Christophe Boucher, chief investment officer at ABN Amro Investment Solutions in Paris. “It’s a tricky situation as the downside potential is quite steep but one can’t afford to miss a rebound.” What Bloomberg strategists say... The S&P 500 nearly erased its post-war slide last week, as investors grew more optimistic over a potential normalization in oil flows. Those hopes will likely evaporate without an agreement, which will leave markets vulnerable to the toll of a resurgence in energy costs. — Kristine Aquino, macro strategist, Markets Live. For the full analysis, click here. Adding to the potential for turbulence, first-quarter earnings season is about to start in the US, with analysts projecting S&P 500 profits will rise about 12% from a year earlier, the weakest since the second quarter of 2025. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. kicks off the US reporting season on Monday. Investors are eager to hear what corporate leaders have to say about the mounting risks, which include hotter inflation as a result of the war-sparked surge in oil, and the threat that consumers start to pull back. Data on Friday showed US consumer prices jumped the most since 2022, although the core measure was relatively tame, while consumer sentiment slumped. Even as the fragile ceasefire sent traders back into risk assets last week, Wall Street strategists were warning that the war had already exacted a big enough toll on inflation, energy supplies and central banks’ ability to act that no quick fix was likely. Fed Implications Speaking before the weekend’s news, Alexandra Wilson-Elizondo, Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s global co-head and co-chief investment officer of multi-asset solutions, said the Federal Reserve is likely to remain “firmly on hold” until clear evidence emerges on the direction of growth and inflation, though she still expects policymakers to cut interest rates before year-end. Against that backdrop, higher bond yields are starting to look appealing to some investors. Two-year Treasuries, the coupon most closely attuned to expectations for Fed policy, yield around 3.8%, up nearly half a percentage point since the war began. “We think the market has created opportunities to start dipping our toes back into fixed income, particularly in the US,” Wilson-Elizondo said. “Yields are a strong indicator of forward returns over the medium- to long-term.” In other trading, Hungary’s currency gained after Prime Minister Viktor Orban conceded defeat in a landslide victory for the pro-European opposition in Sunday’s election. The result is seen as a bullish outcome, as it’s expected to help unblock access to billions of euros in European Union financing. --With assistance from Isabelle Lee, Alexandra Semenova and Andras Gergely. More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio