Title: Q1 Earnings Season to Gain Momentum_ What Will it Show_
Date: 2026-04-10 21:53
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/q1-earnings-season-gain-momentum-215300404.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) The market’s undivided attention has been centered on the conflict in the Middle East and its potential impact on the U.S. and global economic outlook. Friday’s CPI reading showed that the conflict’s inflationary effect is mostly confined to the energy category at this stage, but it will justifiably feed worries that elevated energy prices could eventually bleed into other product categories, as hinted at by the University of Michigan sentiment survey that also came out on Friday. Market participants will be hoping for reassuring headlines out of Islamabad, where negotiations about the conflict will be taking place. We can hope that headlines about the conflict don’t steal the thunder from the Q1 earnings season, which also takes center stage this week, with more than 60 companies reporting March-quarter results, including 28 S&P 500 members. Banks, brokers, and insurers dominate this week’s reporting docket, but we also have a sprinkling of operators from other sectors reporting results, including Johnson & Johnson, Pepsi, Netflix, J.B. Hunt, and others. We expect the 2026 Q1 earnings report card to show continued strength and momentum, though market enthusiasm for the March-quarter numbers will likely be tempered by geopolitics-driven macro uncertainty. Regular readers of our earnings commentary are familiar with the steadily improving earnings outlook we have consistently highlighted over the past year. This improvement in the earnings outlook has been driven mostly by the Tech sector over the past year, with positive Tech sector estimate revisions offsetting negative revisions elsewhere, keeping the aggregate revisions trend in the neutral-to-positive direction. What has changed over the last couple of quarters is that the positive revisions trend has expanded beyond its aforementioned Tech sector core. We saw this ahead of the start of the last earnings season (2025 Q4), and the trend has strengthened further in the run-up to the start of the 2026 Q1 earnings season. This context is important to keep in mind as we receive the Q1 earnings reports in the coming days and evaluate how estimates for Q2 and beyond are evolving. For 2026 Q1, the expectation is that S&P 500 earnings will increase by +13.1% from the same period last year on +9% higher revenues. The chart below shows how Q1 earnings growth expectations have evolved over time. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Estimates have moved higher for 7 of the 16 Zacks sectors since the quarter got underway in January. Q1 estimates have increased for Tech, which has been the consistent trend for more than a year now, but Q1 estimates have also moved higher for the Energy, Basic Materials, Industrials, Construction, Finance, and Business Services sectors. Rising estimates for the Energy sector are tied to developments in the Middle East, with the sector’s revisions trend shifting from negative in the first two months of the quarter to positive in March. We should note that the revisions trend has remained positive for each of these 6 sectors since the start of the conflict as well. On the negative side, Q1 estimates have been cut for 9 of the 16 Zacks sectors since the start of the quarter, with the most estimates pressure at the Autos, Medical, Consumer Discretionary, and Utilities sectors. The Earnings Big Picture The chart below shows the Q1 earnings and revenue growth expectations in the context of where growth has been in the preceding four quarters and what is expected in the coming three quarters. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The two sets of charts below divide the S&P 500 index into cyclical and non-cyclical sectors, with cyclical sectors accounting for 43.2% of total 2026 Q1 index earnings and non-cyclical sectors accounting for 56.8%. The cyclical grouping includes the 11 Zacks sectors, out of the 16 in the index, that can broadly be described as ‘cyclical’. These include Consumer Discretionary, Retail, Autos, Basic Materials, Industrials, Construction, Conglomerates, Energy, Finance, Transportation, and Business Services. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The non-cyclical grouping includes Consumer Staples, Medical, Technology, Aerospace, and Utilities. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The chart below shows the overall earnings picture on a calendar-year basis, with double-digit earnings growth expected in 2026 (and the next two years). Image Source: Zacks Investment Research 2026 Q1 Earnings Season Scorecard The 2026 Q1 earnings season will take the spotlight with Monday’s Goldman Sachs GS release, but the reporting cycle has actually gotten underway already, with 20 S&P 500 members reporting results in recent days for their fiscal quarters ending in February. All of these companies with fiscal quarters ending in February, including bellwethers like Nike, Oracle, FedEx, and others, are counted as part of our March-quarter tally. Total earnings for these 20 index members that have reported results already are up +76.6% from the same period last year on +15.2% higher revenues, with 75% beating EPS estimates and 85% beating revenue estimates. The comparison charts below put the growth rates for the companies that have reported with what we had seen from this same group of companies in other recent periods. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The comparison charts below put the Q1 EPS and revenue beats percentages for this group of companies relative to what we had seen from them in other recent periods. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Bank Earnings in Focus The Finance sector will be front and center this week, with Goldman Sachs GS reporting on Monday, JPMorgan JPM and other big banks on Tuesday, Morgan Stanley MS and others on Wednesday, and so on. Total Q1 earnings for the Zacks Finance sector are expected to +19.9% from the same period last year on +9.2% higher revenues. This would follow the sector’s +17.3% earnings growth on +7.4% higher revenues in the preceding period. The chart below shows the one-year performance of Goldman Sachs shares relative to Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, and the S&P 500 index. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research As you can see, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley shares have outperformed JPMorgan and the broader market, reflecting expectations of a rebound in investment banking activity and robust trading volumes. The chart below shows the sector’s 2026 Q1 earnings and revenue growth expectations in the context of what we saw from the group in the last two quarters and expectations for the following four quarters. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research For a detailed look at the overall earnings picture, including expectations for the coming periods, please check out our weekly Earnings Trends report >>>> What Can Investors Expect from Bank Earnings? Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio