Title: Private Markets’ Software Pain Is About to Get a Lot Worse
Date: 2026-04-10 19:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/private-markets-software-pain-lot-100004986.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill. The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies. Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business) (Bloomberg) -- The software problem roiling private markets is about to face a big new test. A wall of debt maturities is looming for the industry just as artificial intelligence threatens to upend entire businesses in what’s been dubbed the SaaSpocalypse. More than $200 billion of high yield and leveraged loan technology debt is coming due for repayment through 2028, a chunk of it tied to firms owned by private markets. As companies look to refinance in the coming months, they face numerous headwinds, from fears about AI devaluing or replacing their products to the risk of higher borrowing costs spurred by the war in the Middle East. Some private credit funds are turning away software borrowers outright as they seek to shrink their exposure to the sector, according to people with knowledge of the matter. And a number of software company sales planned by private equity have already stalled. “Software borrowers from private-credit funds are more highly leveraged and more dependent on future growth expectations than borrowers in other industries, making them more sensitive to adverse shocks,” according to researchers at MSCI Inc. The following charts highlight the stress facing private equity and credit markets as their big bet on software sours. Private market managers allocated hundreds of billions of dollars to software over the last 15 years, betting that software-as-a-service (SaaS) business models would generate high growth and reliable cashflows. That focus became increasingly concentrated during the period, with software and technology services accounting for about half of all private equity deals in recent years, far surpassing any other industry. For almost two decades that concentration risk was justified by market-beating returns for funds that marketed themselves as investing in technology among other industries. In recent years, however, the premium has been shrinking as more and more funds piled into the industry. Private markets accelerated their focus on software during the period of low interest rates that followed the pandemic. Valuations soared, culminating in a record amount of M&A in the industry by PE and venture firms in 2021. Those deals are now dragging down performance after a failure to hedge sent borrowing costs soaring and called marks into question. At the same time, a rapid leap forward by AI tools over the last 18 months has made concentration on one industry look somewhat foolhardy. Many private market managers still reckon that those businesses will prove resilient. Investors, however, are showing their concern: Many have been rushing for the exits from direct lending funds, leading managers to limit withdrawals from some semi-liquid vehicles. More broadly, valuations and debt pricing have been falling for companies that are heavily focused on software. In the leveraged loan market, the premium traditionally seen in technology loans has completely broken down this year. That rising stress comes at just the wrong time for credit investors. Overall, more than $130 billion of technology company debt is maturing in 2028, which companies will probably start trying to refinance from the second half of this year. The bulk of the maturity wall relates to loans originated during the pandemic era of cheap money, according to Citigroup Inc.’s Michael Anderson and Steph Choe. “The credit dates for a third of these loans are still 2021, meaning the issuer has not demonstrated capital market access in many years,” they wrote. “The average price of the 2021 vintage/2028 maturity is $83.40, signaling significant stress.” The falling pricing for leveraged loans tied to software are a leading indicator for private credit, where marks can considerably lag public markets. Typically, when loan prices fall, a rising number of private credit borrowers subsequently face stress in the form of not earning enough to cover their interest costs. As much as 15% of software direct lending could default in the coming years, Marathon Asset Management LP Chairman Bruce Richards said this week. Others are less concerned. While many private credit managers have as much as 30% of portfolios exposed to software and tech, their lending is usually at the top of the capital structure and relatively insulated from restructurings, according to Vivek Bantwal, global co-head of private credit at Goldman Sachs Asset Management LP. For business development companies, which lend to small and mid-size firms, the first big test will also come through the 2028-maturity wave. About $20.6 billion of their software-linked debt, or 18% of the total, matures that year with a further $21.4 billion in the following 12 months, data compiled by PitchBook LCD show. As the cost of credit increases, “higher interest expenses will hurt” weaker firms, meaning they will require additional equity from sponsors, said Ron Kahn, co-head of global valuations and opinions at adviser Lincoln International. Some PE managers will examine selling portfolio firms in the hope that they can achieve a price that repays the debt, he said, while in other cases “private credit and private equity will kick the can down the road. The lender will get higher pricing and the company has time to rightsize itself.” One fear for watchdogs is that private credit firms have been using a feature called payment-in-kind debt to mask weakness in their portfolios. PIK allows borrowers to push back interest payments until the debt itself has to be repaid. ‘Bad PIK’ — added during the life of the loan to relieve cash flow pressures — is used by Lincoln as a proxy for the default rate in private credit. The firm estimates that about 6.4% of borrowers from direct lenders had bad PIK in the fourth quarter, compared with 2.5% at the end of 2021. These borrowers also have soaring loan-to-value ratios, another sign of stress, Lincoln said. Read: Private Credit’s Rising Pile of ‘Bad PIK’ Points to Default Woes “For years there was a symbiotic relationship’’ between direct lenders and private equity, said Lincoln’s Kahn, but now sponsors are saying they won’t continue backing companies if they don’t see further value in them. “People are looking after their own interests.” --With assistance from Silas Brown, Tasos Vossos and James Crombie. (Corrects total amount of maturing technology debt in second paragraph, removes BDC maturity data chart and corrects corresponding data in story.) More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio